Since 2015, adidas has partnered with the environmental organization ‘Parley for the Oceans’ and uses ‘Parley Ocean Plastic’ as a replacement for virgin polyester. 
Parley Ocean Plastic is plastic waste collected from remote islands, beaches, coastal communities, and shorelines, preventing it from polluting the oceans. 
In 2021, we continued to roll out Parley Ocean Plastic in key categories, both in ‘Performance’ and ‘Lifestyle’ products across footwear, apparel, and accessories and gear. 
In 2022, we produced close to 27 million pairs of shoes containing Parley Ocean Plastic.
In 2022, adidas collaborated with innovative material startups such as Infinited Fiber Company, Spinnova, and Pond to develop materials from natural resources that we can use in our products. 
In the fall, we successfully launched a small apparel collection made with at least 60% fibers from recycled cotton waste and 40% organic cotton in partnership with Infinited Fiber Company and the EU-funded New Cotton project. 
This three-year project aims to collect, sort and regenerate textile waste into a new man-made cellulosic fiber that looks and feels like cotton, based on Infinited Fiber Company’s textile fiber regeneration technology.
adidas is a co-founder of ‘The Microfibre Consortium’ (‘TMC’), which has developed a test method for assessing fiber release and in future aims to advise the textile industry on mitigating the impact of fiber fragmentation.
In our Munich Terrex store, we launched a repair service, and in several flagship stores such as Berlin, London, Dubai, or Shenzen we are offering sneaker cleaning services.
Using scientifically validated frameworks we identified actions to be taken across our entire value chain activities related to the five drivers of nature change as identified by the Science Based Targets Network (‘SBTN’).
Since the military coup in Myanmar in February 2021, adidas has closely monitored the situation in the country and expressed concern about reports of violence, severe human rights, and labor rights risks for workers, and the fragile state of social and economic stability in the country.
To implement responsible recruitment practices in the supply chain, adidas has continued its partnership with the International Organization for Migration (‘IOM’) through its ‘Corporate Responsibility in Eliminating Slavery and Trafficking’ (‘CREST’) initiative.
In 2022, we completed wage data collection21 among our strategic suppliers in Cambodia, Indonesia, and Vietnam, representing 62% of all strategic suppliers.
In addition, we continued to support the evolution of the FLA’s data collection tools by participating in the FLA’s Fair Compensation Practitioners Working Group.
Against the backdrop of the Reebok divestiture, our primary focus in 2022 was on maintaining partnerships with our existing manufacturing partners rather than onboarding new ones.
In 2022, in addition to our own audits, we continued to use ‘Social and Labor Convergence Program’ (SLCP) assessments.
The FLA has assessed the supply chain of its member brands by utilizing a variety of monitoring models.
This resulted in adidas receiving four ‘Sustainable Compliance Initiative’ (‘SCI’) Assessments from the FLA in 2022.
In addition, in 2022, the Compliance team strengthened its relationship with the Employee Relations (ER) organization, a key partner in many compliance matters, especially those related to harassment and discrimination.
October 2022, adidas terminated the Yeezy partnership with immediate effect, discontinued the distribution of Yeezy brand products, and stopped all payments to Ye and his companies.
The organization ‘Parley for the Oceans’ works with its partners to collect, sort and transport the recovered raw material (mainly PET bottles) to our supplier who produces the yarn, which is legally trademarked.
Furthermore, the Executive Board reported on the conclusion of a new, long-term strategic partnership with Foot Locker Inc.
We are enhancing our innovative collaboration with both our established partners such as BASF and Carbon, while simultaneously seeking out new partnership opportunities with brands sharing our sustainability mission, such as Infinited Fiber Company.
The adidas by Stella McCartney garment, launched in 2022, is the latest milestone demonstrating the successful implementation of the entire value chain to produce a commercial end-of-life garment.
These initiatives included the on-site solar renewable energy projects in Herzogenaurach,Bogota, Caspe, and Stockport.
By supplying EU and NATO member states with advanced military equipment,it strengthens their diplomatic influence and credibility on the global stage – and in turn that of international institutions such as the UN and NATO, thereby contributing to SDG 16 – Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions.
As a major European defence manufacturer, the Company also has significant economic impact across Europe.
According to the AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD)the industry supports over 462,000 high-skilled jobs across the continent, all contributing to Europe’s economic prosperity with € 119 billion in annual revenue, € 45.6 billion of which are dedicated to exports.
Full aerospace ecosystems, often bringing together academia, research centers and corporations, all with high value-added jobs, often develop around the Company’s sites such as those in Toulouse or Hamburg.
In this approach, Airbus Scale will promote and identify internal corporate innovation opportunities that can be developed into solutions for the external world, bringing them to market and attracting external investments that could result in spin-offs.
Currently, less than 0.1% of global dedicated hydrogen production comes from water electrolysis according to the International Energy Agency (IEA)’s 2019 report The Future of Hydrogen.
These commitments are in close connection with the UN SDGs and contribute more specifically to eight of them.
In the same timeframe, the share of renewable electricity used in industrial operations in Europe will also progressively increase, starting with an increase of 10% of guarantee of origin (GoO) certificates per year and the incorporation of long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs).
The Company is investigating opportunities in other regions (eg. US, China) to follow the approach applied to Europe.
The volume of offsets required in 2021 is about 40ktCO2e, procured through offset producer South Pole in the form of a cluster of compensation and removal projects.
Light pollution caused by Airbus activities has been deemed to be non-material to the Company’s value chain.
In 2008, the aviation sector was the first to agree at sectoral level on ambitious CO2 emission reduction goals through the Air Transport Action Group (“ATAG”) by committing to an aspirational goal of reducing net emissions from aviation by 50% by 2050 compared to 2005 levels.
Along with the revised ambition, ATAG provided several scenarios with ranges of improvement for each mitigation option (technology and design improvements, operational and ATM enhancements, SAF and hydrogen non-drop-in solutions, and International Civil Aviation Organisation’s (“ICAO”) Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme).
The organisation is called Environment, Health and Safety (EHS).
The Head of EHS reports to the Chief Human Resources Officer, and is supported by local EHS business partners.
There are also regional EHS business partners in China, North America and APAC.
The EHS organisation is responsible for the health and safety management system and
for the operational application of the corporate environment and sustainability management system in the entities.
In addition, an update of the human rights roadmap was also presented to key internal stakeholder groups including the Societas Europaea Works Council (“SE-WC”) and the European Committee for Airbus Defence and Space (“ECADS”) comprising social partners from across the Company’s European sites.
The negotiations about the creation of the aerostructures company and its impact on the detail parts activities is continuing with our social partners at company level in Germany, as well as with IG-Metall as legally required by Works Constitution Act and Tariff agreements.
This project aims at creating two aerostructures companies of equivalent position and size in France and Germany (ca. 9,500 employees each) to prepare the future of fuselage aerostructures.
For employees below manager level, collective labour agreements are applied in the Company’s home countries (France, Germany, UK and Spain).
In 2021, an Airbus Occupational Health and Policy Statement was signed by Guillaume Faury, Airbus CEO, to enhance and reinforce the Policy principles.
This evaluation was performed using a dedicated tool developed by the International Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG) offering a choice between two approaches: a “spend based” approach, allocating emissions to each amount spent in specific commodities and a “mass based” approach, allocating emissions to quantities of materials purchased.
While this method embeds a certain degree of uncertainty, considered high by the IAEG on a certain number of emissions factors used in the methodology, it provides a relevant view of the sources of GHG emissions in the Company’s supply chain and enables comparison of the various Company’s scopes throughout its value chain.
Examples of partnerships include our work with the U.N.-Convened Net-Zero alliances: Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA), Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA).
We are constantly expanding the scope of targets in line with the Target Setting Protocol of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA), of which Allianz was one of the founding organizations and holds the Chair.
For our insurance portfolio, we were one of the founding members of the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA).
We are working on the targets and methodologies within the NZIA.
Our Inclusive Meritocracy Index of 79 % for 2022 (see section 02.4) shows a high employee approval rating of Allianz’s culture.
Through the Property & Casualty (P&C)-Academy accreditations which are adhering to international standards and are certified by the Chartered Insurance Institute (CII), we strengthen and support our ability to scale the global know-how and best practices for which Allianz is known.
Through our employee compensation, healthcare and other benefit programs, Allianz serves an important stabilizing role in communities.
We are working closely with our partners including the International Olympic Committee, Bayern München and the International Paralympic Committee.
On a global level, the MoveNow Training Series was launched in 2022 in partnership with the International Paralympic Committee, starting with twelve operating entities.
MoveNow leverages the long history which Allianz has on engaging children/youth and people with disabilities on physical activity, embedding educational elements. The series promotes accessible physical activity and educational elements, both in physical camps and in digital forms.
Allianz responded to Ukraine war by donating € 10 million for the humanitarian support.
According to the World Economic Forum’s (WEF) Global Risk Report 2022, three of the top five global risks over the next 10 years are linked to changes in climate and the environment.
Our partnership with emerging market digital healthcare and insurance leader BIMA is a prominent example for this approach.
Founding member and strong supporter of The Linux Foundation’s OS Climate (OS-C).
After having conducted global research on the impact of Allianz’s partnership with the Olympic and Paralympic Movements (OPM) on our employer brand – which showed a positive influence on our employer attractiveness across target groups and countries – OPM based HR marketing assets have been developed for all entities to be used online, offline, or for on-campus activities.
Group Sustainable Operations also drives climate-focused partnerships such as our projects with Sea Shepherd and Plastic Fischer.
Road traffic accidents are the leading cause of death for youth in Kenya. 
This project aims to equip 600 youths in Kiberia – the largest slum in Nairobi – with motor riding skills, knowledge of insurance products, general road safety awareness and first aid skills for post-crash care.
In partnership with local NGOs, this program aims to enable 200,000 young people in France to gain access to mentors by the end of 2022.
Project Confidence aims to address poverty in Nigeria by empowering young people with disabilities through education and training, leveraging Allianz employees as volunteers to promote professional skills-sharing on financial, computer, sales, and customer service.
Allianz provided immediate response disaster, such as in South Africa and Pakistan.
We have joined forces with Sea Shepherd, an international marine conservation NGO that engages in direct action to conserve and protect the world’s oceans from illegal exploitation and environmental destruction and recycles plastic cleaned up from oceans into products such as crates for transporting injured turtles.
Allianz SE, Allianz Technology in India and Allianz Services India have partnered with Plastic Fischer, a German start-up
focused on developing and deploying low-tech solutions to collect and remove plastic from rivers, tributaries and canals of Trivandrum, the capital of the state in Kerala, to stop it from entering the ocean.
Plastic Fischer sorts the waste and makes sure that all recyclable.
BASF holds one of the top three market positions in around 80% of the business areas in which it is active. Our most important global competitors include Arkema, Bayer, Clariant, Corteva, Covestro, Dow, Dupont, DSM, Evonik, Huntsman, Lanxess, SABIC, Sinopec, Solvay, Sumitomo Chemical, Syngenta, Wanhua and many hundreds of local and regional competitors.
The war in Ukraine has significantly changed the economic environment in Europe.
Above all, reduced gas supplies from Russia led to much higher and volatile commodity and energy prices and exceptionally high uncertainty, especially surrounding the gas supply.
BASF also reduced its consumption of natural gas in European production by switching to alternative fuels wherever technically possible and economically viable.
Against this background and given the significant decline in earnings in our European market, we have announced a cost-cutting program focusing on Europe and above all Germany.
A new world-scale production plant for alkylethanolamines will be built at the Verbund site in Antwerp, Belgium, by 2024.
In addition, the expansion of our Verbund site in Nanjing, China, operated together with Sinopec, started operation in 2022.
This includes investments to increase our production capacities and to establish innovative recycling concepts in the three key regions of Europe, North America and Asia.
At the Schwarzheide site in Germany, we started the multi-step commissioning process for a new production plant for cathode active materials at the end of 2022, as planned.
In Onoda, Japan, work to expand production capacities for cathode active materials at BASF TODA Battery Materials LLC has also been underway since the end of 2022.
As planned, we divested the kaolin minerals business to KaMin and the attapulgite business to Clariant.
BASF supplies excipients for human therapeutic drug formulation.
In 2022, we moved forward with the further expansion of the site in Nanjing, China, together with our partner Sinopec to strengthen the joint production of chemical products in China.
We are expanding the 2-ethylhexanoic acid plant in Kuantan, Malaysia, with our partner PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad.
We also cooperate with partners along the value chain and are involved in numerous networks, such as the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, the Global Battery Alliance and the Alliance to End Plastic Waste.
The Northeast Research Alliance (NORA) and the California Research Alliance (CARA) are located in the United States.
NORA focuses on materials science and biosciences, catalysis research, digitalization and cooperation with startups.
We are working on innovative components and materials for electrochemical energy storage with the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) at the Battery and Electrochemistry Laboratory (BELLA).
BasCat is a joint laboratory operated by the UniCat cluster of excellence and BASF at the Technical University of Berlin, where new heterogenous catalysis concepts are being explored together with the Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society, also based in Berlin.
The iL (Innovation Lab) in Heidelberg, Germany, focuses on functional printing, printed sensors and IoT (internet of things) applications.
Our most important partner in the U.K. is Imperial  College London with thematic clusters in chemical engineering (flow chemistry) and digitalization (crystallization, corrosion).
For example, BASF is a founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW), which is active in four focus areas: developing infrastructure for waste collection, promoting innovative recycling methods, education and engagement of various stakeholders, and cleanup of areas heavily impacted by plastic waste.
Further examples of our commitment to greater sustainability in the plastics value chain include the World Plastics Council, Operation Clean Sweep and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
Together with our partner Ebusbar we have developed a fast-charging station for electric cars made of the BASF plastics.
Wintershall Dea and several partners have initiated the BlueHyNow project on the German North Sea coast in Wilhelmshaven, which aims to produce hydrogen from natural gas.
An important role is played here by longterm contraceptives (implants, hormonal intrauterine systems) that can be found in the product catalogues of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID).
At the interface between family planning and humanitarian aid, we want to support partners with Bayer’s technological, logistical and medical expertise and meet the demand for information pertaining to family planning and sexual and reproductive health.
Together with the German Red Cross (DRK) we are developing a family planning module for DRK deployments in immediate and emergency humanitarian aid and in ongoing crisis situations.
In Kenya and South Africa, for example, we partner with the organization reach52 to support people in rural communities with health education and access to everyday health solutions by training community health workers to provide healthcare using their “offline-first” health technology platform.
In Central America, we partner with nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to train midwives, who act as healthcare professionals in remote communities and also educate women about vaginal health.
In 2021, we launched the Nutrient Gap Initiative to enable access to essential minerals and vitamins for 50 million people a year in underserved communities by 2030 through direct interventions and in partnership with NGOs.
To support the accessibility of MMS as a key component of antenatal care, we partner with Vitamin Angels, a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving nutrition around the world.
In 2022, our partnership reached over four million underserved pregnant women and their babies across 12 priority countries, including Indonesia, Vietnam, Mexico and the United States.
Further partnerships within the scope of the Nutrient Gap Initiative have been forged with Direct Relief in the United States, the China Health Promotion Foundation, Mercy Corps in Indonesia and Un Kilo de Ayuda and Fundación Esquipulas in Mexico.
The program focuses on giving every baby the best start in life by extending access to essential prenatal vitamins for women and their babies through our partnership with Vitamin Angels.
Better Life Farming is a long-term partnership between Bayer, the International Finance Corporation (IFC, part of the World Bank), Netafim and more than 30 local public and private partners as well as NGOs.
In 2022, we increased the number of Better Life Farming centers in India, Indonesia and Bangladesh to more than 2,500 and opened the first centers in Mexico and Honduras.
We are planning further growth in the Asia/Pacific and Latin America regions and also aim to expand to Africa.
Together with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Bayer Cares Foundation funds the Digital Farmer II program of our partner Mercy Corps AgriFin.
The goal is for the program to serve up to five million farmers in Nigeria, Kenya and Ethiopia by 2025.
Bayer is committed to being a reliable partner that is aware of its societal responsibility toward the communities adjacent to our sites.
Bayer is active in several multi-stakeholder partnerships, including the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) and the Agricultural Climate Markets Collaborative of the Keystone Policy Center, in which supply chain participants, nongovernmental organizations and competitors are represented.
Irrespective of whether its own products are used, Bayer has been providing financial support to The Challenge Initiative (TCI) – a family-planning program based at Johns Hopkins University and implemented by the Bill & Melinda Gates Institute for Population and Reproductive Health – since July 2020.
Since 2007, Bayer has been a member of the Reproductive Health Supplies Coalition (RHSC), a global partnership of public, private and nongovernmental organizations.
In addition, Bayer works together with the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), USAID and international NGOs to make hormonal contraceptives such as birth control pills, three-month injections, implants and coils available.
Bayer is an anchor partner of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in preclinical research pertaining to nonhormonal contraception.
For this reason, Bayer is working in partnership with the German Society for International Cooperation (GIZ)
and local health authorities in Ghana to develop a model project to establish an integrated diagnosis, treatment and continuing education concept for cardiovascular disease.
The Ghana Heart Initiative, which Bayer supports, aims to facilitate more specific drug access programs by strengthening the healthcare system.
Heidelberg University will independently evaluate the program.
Sustainability is a core component of Beiersdorf corporate culture and of fundamental importance in our decision-making and business processes.
At tesa, sustainability is firmly enshrined in the business strategy.
Beiersdorf is one of the world’s leading companies in the consumer goods industry.
Both the Sustainability Council in the Consumer Business Segment and the General Executive Committee at tesa are responsible for monitoring climate-related decisions.
These climate targets have been recognized by the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) and correspond to the 1.5-degree scenario set out in the Paris Agreement.
These calculations are mainly based on emission factors from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), along with emission factors from our energy suppliers and the International Energy Agency (IEA).
Further emissions, such as steam from district heating, are calculated using the emission factors provided by the GaBi database, and the British Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (Defra).
Since 2022, we have also included the emissions data from our NIVEA-KAO business in Japan in the calculation for Scopes 1 to 3 in accordance with the GHG Protocol’s operational control approach.
This selection covers more than two-thirds of our total Scope 3 emissions, which meets the requirements of SBTi.
For the data collected via our travel management system, we calculate emissions according to the methodology established by the German Association of Business Travel Agents (Verband Deutscher Geschäftsreiseveranstalter, VDR), taking into account a “radiative forcing index” (RFI) factor of 2 for business flights.
The 2021 flight emissions of our German companies were offset in the reporting year 2022 retroactively, and we will do the same for our flight emissions in the upcoming reporting year.
TÜV Rheinland Energy was engaged during the fiscal year to review the methodology and process to ensure that Beiersdorf follows international standards and a science-based approach.
Particularly in light of the geopolitical situation in 2022 and the associated energy crisis, we have set ourselves the goal of no longer being reliant on natural gas in Europe.
Beiersdorf is therefore increasingly using more sustainable solutions, including two electric steam generators for the Technical Center at the Group’s headquarters and one heat pump system each for the production facilities in Argentona, Spain, and Hamburg, Germany, which will be used to generate cold water and heat the buildings.
With the heat pump solution we strive to make the Argentona site our first carbon-neutral production facility in Spain in 2023, and at the same time Beiersdorf’s first factory that does not rely on any fuel.
This includes our new Group headquarters and Research Center in Hamburg’s Eimsbüttel district, scheduled for completion in 2023.
The biogas is produced in Denmark from organic waste and fed into the European gas grid.
By purchasing biomethane instead of natural gas, the manufacture of our products at our production facility in Berlin has been climate neutral since the reporting year.
To this end, we are entering into various partnerships, including with the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO).
This applies in Europe and North America especially, where our largest markets are located.
In addition, our truck transportation service providers used biofuels in the reporting year to transport our products from the “Hub Nordics” to the Scandinavian countries, as well as from two other hubs in France and Italy.
One example is our cooperation with EcoTransIT to calculate our transportation emissions. We then share this knowledge with our logistics providers worldwide.
For example, we call on our suppliers to also participate in the climate data surveys conducted by the CDP organization.
In addition to the environmental management system, the two largest production facilities with the highest GHG emissions (Hamburg and Offenburg) are certified to the ISO 50001:2018 standard.
To make our progress with respect to recyclability measurable, we introduced a new methodology in 2021 in line with the principles promulgated by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
The BMW Group is fundamentally committed to a technology-open approach to reduce CO2 emissions.
In individual cases, however, participation can also be based on legal requirements, as for example the memberships in the IHK München, Oberbayern and IHK Berlin. 
In addition, relationships with core automobile manufacturers’ associations such as the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA) and the European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA) are also coordinated in Munich.
At an international level, the Group’s interests are represented on the basis of four geographical regions: the Americas, China, Asia-Pacific and Europe / Africa / Middle East.
The Company provides information on the number of employees and the budgets it allocates to influencing European legislative processes and the areas of relevance to the BMW Group, as well as details of its memberships of associations relevant to EU policy-making. 
In addition, laws on lobbying covering the German Bundestag and the State Government of Bavaria, which provide for the establishment of public lobbying registers, have been in force since 1 January 2022.
The European Union (EU) sees itself as a global leader in achieving these climate goals. 
The governments of the United States and China have also proposed ambitious climate-protection targets.
We were the first German automaker to join the Science Based Targets Business Ambition for 1.5°C initiative.
Mining and refining of these materials is mainly located outside Europe, some of it heavily concentrated in regions with higher risk-factors.
As part of IONITY we are building charging infrastructure along major roads and urban hubs.
Additionally, private charging at work is a key enabler for electromobility. Therefore, the BMW Group in Germany, for example, as employer has established one of the largest company charging networks with over 5,000 charging points.
This will be a key instrument to make Europe the world’s first climate-neutral continent by 2050.
Our significant investment in the Catena-X Automotive Network will enable us to create the necessary end-to-end value chain transparency.
With respect to CO2 emissions from new vehicles, medium- to long-term targets have already been set in Europe, North America, Japan, China and other countries.
In his role as President of ACEA, the Chairman of the Board of Management of the BMW Group, Oliver Zipse, held talks with several EU Commissioners concerning the “Fit for 55” package.
The US Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) regulates vehicle emission criteria, including CO2, pursuant to authority granted by the federal Clean Air Act (“CAA”).
In 2019, under the Trump administration, the EPA and NHTSA adopted new regulations entitled “The Safer Affordable Fuel-Efficient (SAFE) Vehicles Rule for Model Years 2021–2026 Passenger Cars and Light Trucks”.
In July 2019, BMW Group among three other OEMs, and the State of California announced a general agreement on a framework for the reduction of fleet emissions at levels that are more stringent than under SAFE rule part 2.
In 2020, the Biden administration instructed federal agencies to consider revising vehicle fuel economy and emissions standards.
BMW of North America continues to be in alliance with the State of California in adherence to the California Framework Agreement, which put into place significantly higher stringency levels than the Trump EPA GHG levels.
In China, the fuel efficiency of the vehicle fleet is also regulated.
The BMW Group is a full member of Manufacturer Group I (Automotive Manufacturers) within the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA), which brings together more than 650 manufacturers and suppliers in a single group.
As a VDA member, the BMW Group actively participates in the various association bodies, including its Managing Board, committees, working groups and steering committees.
BMW Group China also closely collaborates with the VDA Beijing Office as well as the ACEA Beijing Office for actively engaging in regulation exchange with policy makers.
Our commitment in terms of sustainability to environmental, social and good governance underscores our long-standing membership of the UN Global Compact (UNGC), an internationally renowned voluntary initiative to promote sustainable development and social commitment.
Brenntag is a chemical distributor which differentiates itself from its competitors through the high level of quality of its products and services as well as its strong customer focus.
The basis for quality management within the Brenntag Group is the internationally applicable ISO 9001 standard.
We pursue our sustainability approach on a global scale and work with other companies in partnerships or initiatives to promote the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals or jointly introduce measures to combat climate change, for example. 
When developing our new ESG strategy, we incorporated the results of the materiality assessment along with the regulatory developments in Europe, such as the Green Deal, or the new due diligence requirements in global value chains, such as the Act on Corporate Due Diligence in Supply Chains.
Our vision entails a sustainable approach to Brenntag’s future with our position as a global market leader in the responsible distribution of chemicals strengthened in the long term in line with the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals.
Offsets were achieved with the support of reforestation projects such as in Glengarry Forest in Scotland.
For several years, Brenntag has voluntarily undergone a sustainability assessment by the international rating agency EcoVadis every two years.
EcoVadis evaluates the sustainability performance of companies in terms of four categories: environment, labour practices, fair business practices and sustainable procurement.
For instance, at our Brenntag sites in Veile, Kalundborg (both in Denmark) and Kalmar (Sweden), we have replaced the oil heating of storage tanks with electric heat exchangers.
As a result, two sites in California (USA) were able to reduce total energy consumption by 137,778 kWh, saving an estimated 53 tonnes of CO2 each year.
At three sites, namely in Padua (Italy), Singapore and Gurgaon (India), solar panels started to operate in 2021.
Information on the calculation of Scope 3 emissions was audited by PwC and is included in the Report Profile (page 65 and 66).
We are currently working on introducing a similar system in Quimisa and Quimilog.
In addition, as is the case at other sites in Latin America, we have introduced various measures to control water consumption, such as avoiding leaks, replacing pipes, training and conducting environmental and safety inspections.
In France, damage to a rail tank car led to spillage of approximately 300 litres of diesel.
An accident in Brazil caused the majority of the load (approximately 15 tonnes of solid and liquid products) to be released.
the USA, a leaking seal led to the spillage of approximately 23,000 litres of hydrochloric acid, around half of which was recovered.
In Scunthorpe, solvents are stored, loaded and unloaded, and prepared for further transportation.
For instance, truck drivers or warehouse workers in the Americas region can use platforms such as ‘Indeed’ to apply for jobs with a one-click application.
Brenntag introduced a new three-part sales enablement programme in the Asia Pacific region based on the strategic plans.
As a recognized training company, Brenntag offers an extensive range of training positions in a forward-looking industry in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
In Europe, for example, a central SAP-based system is used for this purpose, making it possible to implement relevant changes to European legislation in all countries at the same time and provide employees with access to them.
Expert for plant and process safety Luca Pelissero joined the QSHE team as a Global Expert AIPSM in 2021.
In North America, Brenntag has supported the work of the Chemical Educational Foundation (CEF) for many years.
Alongside the parent company, it covers in particular the material subsidiaries Commerz Real AG, mBank S.A. and Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A.
Nevertheless, this non-financial report is guided by the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) where relevant for the defined issues.
Detailed information on the sustainability work of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is also presented in the GRI sustainability reporting, which is available online.
This non-financial report was subject to a limited assurance engagement performed by the auditing firm KPMG in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised).
In 2022, major rating agencies for sustainability gave Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft ratings that were mainly above the sector average.
For example, Sustainalytics gives us a “medium risk” rating.
Our subsidiaries also perform well in this respect: MSCI ESG rated mBank as “A” during the year under review, while Sustainalytics assessed mBank’s risk profile as “low”. 
mBank is also listed in the WIG-ESG index of the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
Commerz Real was awarded the Scope Special Innovation Award in 2022.
For example, we were one of the first signatories of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI).
It also ensures the implementation of strategic sustainability initiatives such as the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI).
To measure progress reliably, we use CO2 reduction targets from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
By the end of 2022, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft had mobilised €246.5bn for sustainable financial products, out of a target of €300bn by the end of 2025.
To this end, it became the first Polish bank to join the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) in April 2022.
We therefore continue to finance arms manufacturers who produce weapons and armament systems for the Federal Republic of Germany and its allies.
mBank in Poland operates its own Reputational Risk Management department based on its commitment to the United Nations Global Compact.
At Commerzbank, we do not consider climate risks as a separate type of risk, but as a horizontal risk.
As a major financier of the German economy, we are also active in sectors that are particularly exposed to climate-related physical or transition risks.
Owing to the geographical focus of our portfolio in Germany and Europe, we are less affected by physical climate risks, such as hurricanes and rising sea levels, than other regions in the world.
In its risk assessment, including scenario analyses, Commerz Real relies on tools such as the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) and the PwC Climate Excellence Tool.
The core business of the Competence Center Energy (CoC Energy) with its sites in Hamburg and New York is the global provision of finance to wind and solar parks as well as related technology.
In 2022, in addition to financing for wind farms and solar parks in Germany, we also successfully added new projects and refinancing transactions in France, the UK, the Netherlands, Spain and the USA. 
Noteworthy projects in this category include support for the Bank’s first standalone financing of a battery storage system in the USA and the portfolio financing of solar parks in Germany with an output of 315 megawatts.
Commerzbank determines its greenhouse gas emissions on the basis of the standard developed by the Association for Environmental Management and Sustainability in Financial Institutions (VfU).
Gruner + Jahr Verlag once again recognised our engagement in 2022 by naming us one of the best employers for women.
The main content of this integrated sustainability report is derived from Continental AG corporate publications, such as the consolidated financial statements, the annual report or the remuneration report, which were audited by an independent auditor.
As in the previous year, free float as defined by Deutsche Börse AG amounted to 54.0% as at the end of 2021.
We were able to assign 105.4 million of the 108.0 million shares held in the form of shares or alternatively as American depositary receipts (ADRs) in the USA to more than 570 institutional investors, banks and asset managers across 40 countries.
Through our membership in the voluntary “CEO Water Mandate” initiative, we ensure a regular exchange of information on best practice solutions as well as current opportunities and risks in the field of water management.
In the reporting period, Continental AG was rated by the three rating agencies Standard & Poor’s, Fitch and Moody’s, each of which maintained their investment-grade credit ratings in 2021.
According to the January 2022 World Economic Outlook Update (WEO Update) published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the global economy grew by 5.9% in fiscal 2021.
For the UK and Russia, the IMF estimated GDP growth in 2021 of 7.2% and 4.5%, respectively.
In North America, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the USA reported GDP growth of 5.7% for 2021.
For Canada and Mexico, the IMF estimated GDP growth of 4.7% and 5.3%, respectively.
In the European car market (EU27, EFTA and the United Kingdom), there were around 2% fewer new-car registrations in 2021 than in the previous year according to preliminary data from the German Association of the Automotive Industry (Verband der Automobilindustrie, VDA).
According to the VDA, passenger car sales rose in the major car markets of China and the USA by just under 7% and by 3%, respectively.
In Europe and North America, the semiconductor shortages limited the recovery of truck production. 
According to preliminary figures, however, production in Europe and North America rose by 13% and 21%, respectively, compared with the very weak prior-year figures.
The bonds issued by Continental AG and Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., Maastricht, Netherlands, resulted in expenses of €50.7 million (PY: €50.0 million).
The spin-off of Vitesco Technologies reduced Continental’s net assets by €2,824.8 million. This therefore had a significant influence on its net assets position in fiscal 2021.
In the Vehicle Networking and Information business area, the agreement with OSRAM GmbH, Munich, Germany, to terminate the joint venture OSRAM CONTINENTAL GmbH, Munich, Germany, in the form of five share deals and three asset deals led to an increase in operating assets of €102.9 million.
Pension plans transferred to or assumed by Continental in the context of acquisitions (Siemens VDO, Temic, Teves, Phoenix) were included in the cash balance plans.
Continental has various defined benefit plans in the USA, which were closed to new entrants and frozen to accretion of further benefits in a period from April 1, 2005, to December 31, 2011.
The payment share price is the arithmetic mean of Continental AG’s closing share prices in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (or a successor system) on the trading days in the last month prior to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that follows the end of the term.
In connection with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft on September 15, 2021, among others, Prof. KR Siegfried Wolf, member of the Supervisory Board of Continental AG, has been elected to the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, which has been listed on the stock exchange on September 16, 2021.
Prof. Wolf was elected chairman of the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft on October 4, 2021. 
As a result, Prof. Wolf exceeds the maximum number of supervisory board directorships recommended by recommendation C.4 of the Code.
In connection with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft on September 15, 2021, among others, Mr. Klaus Rosenfeld, member of the Supervisory Board of Continental AG and chief executive officer of Schaeffler AG, has also been elected to the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft.
As Mr. Rosenfeld is also on the supervisory board of another listed company, he exceeds the number of supervisory board directorships recommended in recommendation C.5 of the Code.
Mr. Rosenfeld has already announced that he will step down from the supervisory of this other company.
Covestro aims to help protect the environment, conserve limited resources, advance society, and create value, all by firmly integrating sustainability into our Group strategy and management.
We report on material topics and nonfinancial performance indicators pursuant to Section 315 (3) of the German Commercial Code (HGB) in our Group Management Report and supplement this information with additional content, which meets the requirements of the “with reference to” reporting option of the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards.
As an integral part of the Group Management Report, the nonfinancial Group statement was audited by the financial statement auditor, KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Düsseldorf (Germany), as part of the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements based on an expansion of the audit engagement.
A nonfinancial statement or nonfinancial report does not have to be provided at this time for Covestro AG.
In the year 2021, Covestro assessed whether its economic activities are taxonomy-eligible; in fiscal 2022 we conducted an analysis centrally to determine taxonomy-aligned activities.
The review of the minimum safeguards for human rights relates to Covestro’s overarching management approach to respecting human rights, and primarily to the risk analysis conducted as part of the human rights due diligence.
The comprehensive and ongoing risk analysis covers all of Covestro’s own sites, the supply chain, as well as the use phase and end-of-life of our products.
In addition, as part of the review to establish compliance with the minimum safeguards, we verified at Group level that no final court judgments have been handed down against Covestro in connection with the above issues.
Although no economic activities were reported as taxonomy-aligned in the year 2022, there are no indications based on the review described above to suggest that Covestro does not meet the minimum safeguards under Article 18 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
In order to determine the turnover generated by Covestro from taxonomy-eligible economic activities, we allocated the relevant Covestro products to these activities.
In the case of activities relevant to Covestro in support of the environmental objective of climate change mitigation, the Taxonomy defines sustainability in particular with regard to the carbon footprint of the production process.
However, this process does not consider the entire lifecycle of our products, with the result that the positive effect of our products, known as handprint, does not become apparent during application and use of the Covestro products.
The calculation of the KPIs considers separately the activities of the Resins & Functional Materials business (RFM) acquired from Koninklijke DSM N.V., Heerlen (Netherlands), in the year 2021.
Following completion of the alignment check, Covestro has only taxonomy-eligible activities to report here.
Since our locations in Germany, the United States and China cover most of our procurement volume, the sites located in these countries are referred to as main sites within the meaning of the GRI terminology.
Voluntary services for the promotion and maintenance of health are made available only to Covestro employees.
We voluntarily report the management approaches for material topics in accordance with GRI 3-3 (2021).
We plan to check whether the use of voluntary GRI reporting under the “in accordance with GRI” option is appropriate against the backdrop of regulatory developments.
We applied the GRI standards as a framework for preparing the nonfinancial Group statement.
The starting point for this is the materiality assessment and the material sustainability topics identified or updated as a result, i.e., the topics that are of medium or high relevance to Covestro and on the aspects of which Covestro’s business activities have a medium or high impact.
No material risks have been identified in connection with Covestro’s own business activities, business relationships, or products that have or are very likely to have a severely negative impact on the nonfinancial aspects of the company’s business.
The European Union’s Taxonomy Regulation 2020/852 (EU Taxonomy), and particularly its delegated acts, are the basis for various current and future initiatives by the European Union (EU) to facilitate sustainable financial reporting.
Some legal concepts in the EU Taxonomy have not been defined conclusively, which has led to continuing uncertainty regarding their interpretation.
The European Commission is expected to publish the TSCs for the other environmental objectives in the course of the year 2023.
These requirements correspond to Covestro’s culture, which we have made an integral part of our actions on the basis of existing Corporate Commitments, the Supplier Code of Conduct, and various Group regulations.
A good 125 years ago, Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz founded the modern transport industry with their first trucks and buses.
This became today’s Daimler Truck Group (hereinafter also referred to as “Daimler Truck” or “Group”) – one of the largest commercial vehicle manufacturers in the world, with over 40 production facilities around the world and more than 100,000 employees.
Daimler Truck customers deliver goods reliably, punctually and safely to their destinations and make people mobile.
Daimler Truck was spun off from Daimler AG (now Mercedes-Benz Group AG) in 2021. Daimler Truck Holding AG is the parent company of the Group with its registered office in Stuttgart and its headquarters in Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Germany.
The Group has major manufacturing operations in Brazil, Germany, France, India, Japan, Mexico, Turkey and the United States, as well as branches in most countries around the world.
Trucks North America is the leading manufacturer of heavyduty trucks in North America by unit sales and number two in the “vocational market”, the segment for construction vehicles and special vehicles.
Trucks North America also supplies trucks for off-road applications, as well as long-haul vehicles and school buses.
The segment’s production network comprises 15 production locations in the United States and Mexico.
Mercedes-Benz is the highest-selling truck brand in the EU30 region (European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland and Norway).
The segment develops, produces, and sells trucks under the Mercedes-Benz brand in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, and is also responsible for the sale of FUSO brand trucks in Europe and Latin America.
Trucks Asia combines the operations of Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation (“MFTBC”), based in Japan, and Daimler India Commercial Vehicles (“DICV”), based in India.
Beijing Foton Daimler Automotive Co. Ltd (“BFDA”), the joint venture with
Beiqi Foton Motor Co. Ltd (“Foton”), produces trucks under the Auman brand.
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation also manufactures industrial engines.
From 2039 onwards, the Group aims to offer only new vehicles in the regions Europe, North America and Japan that are CO2-neutral in driving operation (tank-to-wheel).
In addition, the cellcentric GmbH & Co. KG (“cellcentric”) joint venture with the Volvo Group aims to develop, produce and market hydrogen fuel cells and systems.
The war of aggression on Ukraine, the energy crisis triggered by it, the high inflation in many regions and the ongoing supply chain constraints.
The DAX stock index tracks the performance of the 40 largest German stock corporations in terms of market capitalization and with the highest revenue on the Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
The first fully electric series-produced Mercedes-Benz eActros is driving for DB Schenker: Karin Rådström, CEO Mercedes-Benz Trucks, has handed over an eActros 300 for heavy distribution transport to the logistics service provider.
DB Schenker uses the eActros to transport palletized shipments in the Leipzig area.
Daimler Truck opened its product development and IT center Daimler Truck Innovation Center India (“DTICI”) in Bangalore, India, in March.
In addition, TORC Europe GmbH also opened a technology and software development center in Stuttgart in April 2022.
Daimler Truck, TRATON Group and Volvo Group kick off joint Venture for a European high-performance charging infrastructure.
With Anja van Niersen as CEO, the new joint venture is to make an important contribution to the Green Deal of the European Union and thus to climate-neutral freight transport by 2050.
Thus, the second model of the battery-electric Mercedes-Benz trucks will roll off the production line in Wörth, following the series launch of the eActros for urban distribution haulage in October 2022.
Being a global financial institution with a loan book of € 489 billion and assets under management of € 1.3 trillion, Deutsche Bank believes that it is part of its responsibility to support and where possible, accelerate this historic transformation towards a more sustainable society and economy.
Fulfill Deutsche Bank’s net-zero commitments for key carbon intensive sectors by accompanying clients in their transformation (Transition Dialogue).
These targets cover the sectors of Oil and Gas (upstream), Power Generation, Automotive (light duty vehicles) and Steel and aim to significantly reduce the amount of financed emissions (Scope 3) by 2030, reflecting the bank’s commitments as a founding member of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) (for further details see the “Climate risk” chapter).
In addition, Deutsche Bank joined the EP100 initiative, committing to net-zero operational carbon at owned occupied assets globally by 2030 and the RE100 initiative under The Climate Group, committing to 100% of renewable energy used for own operations by the end of 2025.
Further achievements include the reduction of total energy consumption by 13.3% year-to-year. For its new building at Columbus Circle in New York, Deutsche Bank received the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification.
As part of their cooperation, Deutsche Bank and the European School of Management and Technology (ESMT) in Berlin announced the new endowed professorship for Sustainable Finance. 
Prof. Dr. Jörg Rocholl has taken over the chair as of September 1, 2022.
One of only two foreign banks to participate in People's Bank of China's Carbon Emission Reduction Support Tool program.
In 2022, Deutsche Bank linked the Henkel AG & Co. KGaA (Henkel) supply chain finance program to the ESG ratings of its suppliers and is the first bank in Europe to convert an existing supply chain finance program for its client.
The Community Development Finance Group supports economic opportunities that benefit low- and moderate-income communities in the United States of America.
The financing for the project included a € 2.1 billion facility backed by United Kingdom Export Finance, the export credit agency in the United Kingdom.
The new high speed railway line will provide a low-carbon method of transportation, it will improve efficiency of transport between Ankara and Izmir, creating job opportunities and improve economic conditions of the surrounding population.
Deutsche Bank participated as a lender with € 76 million in Tricon International’s € 1 billion uncommitted ESG-linked borrowing base facility and acted as joint lead arranger with a € 96 million ticket in Tricon Dry Chemical’s € 881 million uncommitted ESG-linked borrowing base facility.
Deutsche Bank acted as coordinator, mandated lead arranger, bookrunner and ESG coordinator in a € 400 million syndicated loan to Hirschvogel Group. 
Hirschvogel is one of the largest international automotive suppliers in the area of steel and aluminum forging as well as subsequent machining.
Deutsche Bank participated in Alstom’s sustainability-linked € 12.7 billion committed guarantee facility agreement. 
Reflecting Alstom’s ambitious commitment to sustainable mobility, four sustainability-linked key performance indicators were introduced into this facility agreement.
In a syndicate of nine banks, Deutsche Bank acted as mandated lead arranger and hedge provider for the € 466 million financing of Nebras Power Australia’s, Palisade Investment’s, and Goldwind Australia’s Stockyard Hill wind farm in the state of Victoria, Australia.
Deutsche Bank originated and securitized € 447 million, its first solo ESG deal for the acquisition of Hudson Commons, a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Platinum office property.
Deutsche Bank acted as Sole Sustainability Coordinator to implement a sustainability-linked loan structure for the € 1.5 billion financing to Delta Fiber, a leading Dutch fiber network operator sponsored by EQT & Stonepeak.
Deutsche Bank has executed multiple loans worth € 17 million with Dominium that were used to construct 803 affordable multifamily units in Phoenix, Arizona (AZ) and Woodbury, Minnesota (MN) USA.
Deutsche Bank acted as joint lead arranger, underwriter and joint ESG coordinator for H&H International’s € 1.1 billion equivalent multi-tranche term loan facility and a € 70 million equivalent multi-currency revolving credit facility. 
H&H is a Hong Kong listed premium nutrition and wellness company.
Following a successful inaugural Auto asset-backed securities transaction in 2021, Plenti re-engaged with market participants on this transaction, which included € 44 million of notes that were green certified under the Climate Bonds Standard and backed by renewable energy receivables.
Deutsche Bank acted as joint bookrunner on a € 304 million Green Secured Railcar Asset-Backed-Security transaction serviced by Trinity Rail for Tribute Rail LLC.
While preparing the report, we followed the recommendations of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) on portraying the value creation process (see chart “Value creation process”). 
Currently, a highly dynamic environment for company reporting exists due to regulatory developments in the field of non-financial reporting and due to a closer cooperation and coordination between the key standard-setters, Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and IIRC.
The combined non-financial statement for Deutsche Börse Group and the parent Deutsche Börse AG is integrated into the combined management report; it meets the requirements of sections 289b–e and 315b–c HGB and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and the European Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (in the following EU Taxonomy Regulation).
Deutsche Börse AG was established in 1992 and is a global company based in Frankfurt/Main, Germany.
We are committed to achieving the minimum financial risk profile that is consistent with an AA rating in accordance with S&P Global Ratings methodology. 
Furthermore, we endeavour to maintain the strong AA credit ratings of our subsidiaries Clearstream Banking S.A. and Clearstream Banking AG, in order to ensure the long-term success of the Clearstream securities settlement and custody segment. 
The activities of our Eurex Clearing AG subsidiary also require strong credit quality.
These include Clearstream Banking S.A., Clearstream Banking AG and Eurex Clearing AG.
The “financial instruments of the central counterparties” item relates to the function performed by Eurex Clearing AG, European Commodity Clearing AG as well as Nodal Clear, LLC: since they act as the central counterparties for Deutsche Börse Group’s various markets, their financial instruments are carried in the balance sheet at their fair value.
Furthermore, we are a full member of national associations (Cyber Security Sharing and Analytics, CSSA), trade associations (World Federation of Exchanges) and international networks (Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center, FS-ISAC) which contribute significantly towards a forward-looking stance vis-à-vis cyber threats, and the development of strategies to fend off such threats.
Furthermore, we are a member of the ECB’s Euro Cyber Resilience Board for pan-European financial infrastructures (ECRB).
Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse (FWB®, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) used this authorisation in its Exchange Rules (section IV) to create the “Prime Standard” in 2003.
One feature of the Prime Standard is the special post-admission obligations, which are monitored by FWB, with any breaches penalised by the exchange’s Sanctions Committee.
As a member of the UN Global Compact (UNGC) and the Sustainable Stock Exchanges Initiative (SSE), Deutsche Börse Group has committed itself to implementing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the “2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development” set by the UN.
For further sustainability performance indicators we also refer to our GRI index on our website.
The risk management functions at Clearstream, Eurex Clearing AG and European Commodity Clearing AG submit reports to the respective executive boards and supervisory boards.
Analysts continuously assess the security situation at our locations and on business trips, and are in close contact with national and international authorities (Federal Criminal Police Office – BKA, Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution – BfV, etc.), security service providers, and security departments of other companies.
In addition, special stress tests were developed and carried out in the context of geopolitical developments, especially in Ukraine.
However, as a consequence of measures taken by the Russian state in the course of the Russia-Ukraine war, blocked customer deposits stored in the name of Clearstream at the Russian central securities depository had to be written down in full (€134.1 million).
Other market price risks arise for Crypto Finance AG as open positions in crypto assets may arise from its brokerage business.
Furthermore, market risk could result from ring-fenced pension plan assets for our employees (Contractual Trust Arrangement (CTA), Clearstream's pension fund in Luxembourg).
Maturity limits are therefore set cautiously. In addition, extensive sources of financing are available at all times, such as ongoing access to the liquidity facilities at Deutsche Bundesbank and Banque Centrale du Luxembourg.
The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) regularly considers whether to classify Deutsche Börse AG as a financial holding company.
The CMS applies to Deutsche Börse AG and to the subsidiaries in Germany and abroad in which we hold a majority interest.
Eurex Repo GmbH and 360 Treasury Systems AG are also subject to specific provisions applicable to investment firms.
Non-financial statement for Deutsche Post AG and for Deutsche Post DHL Group in accordance with Sections 289b(1) and 315b(1) HGB.
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards are taken as the framework for determining material non-financial topics, supplemented by HGB requirements.
As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, Deutsche Post DHL Group implements its ten principles in areas where we have influence.
Additionally, we take guidance from the principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, as well as from the principle of social partnership.
In the year under review, the Science Based Targets Initiative verified the following sub-targets in this regard and assessed them as aligned with limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius: using 2021 as the base year, Deutsche Post DHL Group has committed to reducing its absolute direct emissions from the use of fuels and the indirect emissions from purchased energy (Scopes 1 and 2) by 42 % by the year 2030.
For transitory risks, we used the sustainable development scenarios of the International Energy Agency.
In addition, the Alice – the first all-electric aircraft – successfully completed its maiden flight, with the first deliveries of this model scheduled for 2027 to be used for shuttle flights in the United States.
At the global level, we engage in regular, open dialogue with international trade union confederations such as UNI Global Union (UNI) and International Transport Workers’ Federation (ITF).
UNI and the European Transport Workers’ Federation are also represented.
Employees of Deutsche Post AG covered by the collective wage agreement may opt to take additional time off in lieu of a pay increase.
The remuneration of employees in a non-pay-scale employment relationship (Deutsche Post AG, principal entity in Germany) is bound by existing works agreements.
Our main retirement benefit plans are provided in Germany, the UK, the USA, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
As a founding member of the PROUT AT WORK Foundation, we are committed to providing a collegial, discrimination-free workplace so that our employees can achieve their individual career goals regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Our commitment to respect for human rights includes adherence to the principles of the UN Global Compact and the International Labour Organization (ILO), which we have embedded in our Code of Conduct and outlined in greater detail in our Human Rights Policy Statement.
A risk-based approach is applied to select of countries and locations for the on-site reviews based on internal criteria, such as number of employees, as well as external criteria from Verisk Maplecroft (Human Rights Index). 
Additionally, we consider suggestions from international trade union confederations.
This did not include the reserved limitation with regard to the CEO’s chairmanship of the supervisory board of Deutsche Telekom AG.
Dr Frank Appel is permitted to chair the supervisory board of Deutsche Telekom AG until he leaves the company in May 2023.
A determining factor for the Supervisory Board in considering this overall view remains how Stefan Schulte contributes his considerable expertise and experience to the benefit of the company and, as the Chair of the Financial and Audit Committee, engages the Board of Management in differentiated and critical discussions.
Lawrence Rosen’s responsibility for the Finance board department ended more than six years ago and therefore does not impair his independence.
DHL Supply Chain acquired a majority holding of 51 % in the Netherlands-based e-commerce specialist Monta Group in October 2022.
With Air Incheon, a new regional partner airline was added to our network in northern Asia.
With GoGreen (environmental protection), GoHelp (disaster management), GoTeach (increasing employability) and GoTrade (promoting trade) we also support SDGs 4, 5, 8, 11, 13 and 17.
DHL is the global market leader in the fragmented market of contract logistics with a market share of 6.0 % (2021) and operations in more than 50 countries.
In keeping with our vision of being THE logistics company for the world, Deutsche Post DHL Group strives to continue leading the industry – and doing so in an increasingly digital and sustainability-oriented world.
Timotheus Höttges, Chairman of the Board of Management, Bonn, Germany.
Deutsche Telekom is one of the most valuable brands in the world and we are currently the leading European telecommunications provider by a very considerable margin.
We remain committed to the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and the German Sustainability Code. 
Outside of our own corporate sphere, our efforts and commitments in this area include active involvement in various alliances and partnerships, such as the German Association for the Digital Economy (BVDW), econsense, a network of internationally operating companies, and the Digital networking charter (Charta digitale Vernetzung).
In addition, we are a member of the “Corporate Digital Responsibility” initiative (only available in German) of the Federal Ministry of Justice.
In 2021, the association visitBerlin Convention Partner again audited the Representative Office in Berlin and, as a result, certified it as a Sustainable Partner in its top category, “Leader”.
Since 2018, we have continued the former Deutsche Telekom supplier development program as an industry approach (Sustainable Development Program, SDP).
Telefónica and Swisscom have since joined this program.
At the same time, the percentage of procurement volume covered by EcoVadis increased sligthly to 38 percent.
A number of our products are certified by recognized ecolabels such as the Blue Angel and the TÜV Certified Green Product label.
As of mid-2022, product packaging for all new Deutsche Telekombranded products introduced to the German and European market will be converted to sustainable alternatives.
We collaborate, for example, with the German Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) throughout Germany and with the European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA) at a European level.
Deutsche Telekom Security GmbH is our security specialist.
In 2020, we joined with the software company SAP to develop our contact tracing app, the Corona-Warn-App.
Since 2014, we have been a member of the “Cyber Security Sharing & Analytics” (CSSA) association.
An international comparison shows that Deutsche Telekom AG is a leader, among network operators in Europe, in the area of detection and suppression of botnets (as of December 2021).
To keep hackers from controlling hijacked devices within a botnet, Deutsche Telekom Security GmbH experts analyze the botnet’s structures and suppress communications with its controlling servers.
For the fourth time, in 2020 we were commended by the independent testing authority TÜV Informationstechnik (TÜViT) for our handling of customer data.
TÜViT certified that our processing of data – as it relates to billing, for example – is careful and secure.
Since September 2021, T-Systems has been a member of the “EU Cloud Code of Conduct General Assembly” of SCOPE Europe, an association for the development of a common regulatory framework for the digital economy.
Also, we are participating, along with additional experts, in the AUDITOR project of the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action, which is aimed at developing a standard for cloudservices certification pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (“GDPR Compliant Cloud” – GCC).
Deutsche Telekom views such approved certification as essential for a protected data infrastructure in Germany and Europe.
Our partner, the charitable organization “AfB gemeinnützige GmbH,” which offers jobs for people with limitations, receives some of our used IT hardware (e.g., laptops) for reconditioning and reselling.
In addition, in 2018 we joined forces with Sodexo, the company running our cafeterias in Germany, to pilot the RECUP returnable cup.
In 2020, we officially terminated our active partnership with the Plant-for-the-Planet foundation, after the foundation's work was widely and publicly criticized.
E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately 71,600 employees led by Corporate Functions in Essen.
It is subdivided into three regional markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey (which consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Poland, Croatia, Slovakia, and the stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey, which is accounted for using the equity method).
E.ON's flagship offsetting program is its partnership begun in 2021, with the LEAF Coalition, which stands for Lowering Emissions by Accelerating Forest Finance.
LEAF offsets help protect tropical forest and manage them sustainably.
This includes E.ON's strategic partnership with Australian hydrogen pioneer FFI to develop ways of importing large quantities of green hydrogen to Germany.
Its long-standing partnership with the E.ON Energy Research Center ("ERC") at RWTH Aachen University is particulary noteworthy in this regard.
It uses collaborations such as those with Stanford University, the Global Sustainable Electricity Partnership ("GSEP"), and Free Electrons, a leading accelerator, to work with global partners from these networks to identify electrification trends and leverage synergies and thus to accelerate decarbonization and electrification.
Simerse AI is helping E.ON extend its leading position in the development of innovative solutions for the network business.
E.ON City Energy Solutions ("CES") and Avacon in Germany and E.ON Control Solutions in the United Kindom worked together closely in 2022 to test the solution and initiate partnership models.
Intelligent Heating Control ("ICH") is an ad hoc solution for outdoor-temperature-based heating systems that E.ON developed and tested in 2022 in collaboration with its partner Lemonbeat.
A key element of this strategy is E.ON's partenrship with the LEAF Coalition, which has been in place since 2021.
China, an important trading partner for Germany, plays a major role.
In mid-July E.ON and Igneo Infrastructure Partners signed an agreement to found a joint venture for the rollout of high-speed broadband infratsructure in Germany.
For this purpose, Igneo aquired a 50-percent stake in Westconnect GmbH (formerly Westenergie Breitband GmbH), which was previously a wholly owned E.ON SE subsidary.
E.ON enters into long-term partnerships, such as the cooperation agreement it signed with Deutsche ErdWärme GmbH ("DEW") in 2022. 
If E.ON SE or a Group company buys treasury shares of E.ON SE, the value of the consideration paid, including directly attributable additional costs (net after income taxes), is deducted from E.ON SE's equity until the shares are retired, distributed or resold.
As result, the assets and liabilities of Westconnect GmbH, which is allocated to the Energy Networks Germany segment, have since been reported in the balance sheet as "Asset held for sale" and "Liabilities associated with assets held for sale", respectively.
Progress was made with Standford University students on satellite based classification of building energy efficiency , while the collaboration with Power to Hydrogen and Simerse AI linked two more U.S.-based startups directly to E.ON's core cusiness.
One example is Dabbel, a startup that makes an important contribution toward climate neutrality by optimizing energy consumption in buildings while significantly reducing their operators' energy costs. 
Dabbel's solution enables average energy savings of 26 percent by optimizing heating, ventilation, and air conditioning technology without installing additional hardware.
Sweden - a European Leader in the introduction of smart enery meters - is considered an ideal market for the launch of such a product.
The Canary Islands has set the target of meeting all its energy needs with renewables by 2040.
Spain is pioneer in a new energy regulation and thus the ideal place for a pilot project to serve as a blueprint for Europe-wide approaches.
Dr. Karl-Ludwig Kley, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE (Deutsche Lufthansa AG).
Erich Clementi, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE (Deutsche Lufthansa AG).
Fresenius Helios is Europe’s largest private hospital operator, offering expertise in all areas and at all levels of inpatient and outpatient care as well as in telemedicine.
Fresenius Helios comprises Helios Germany and Helios Spain (Quirónsalud) as well as Eugin Group and Curalie; all are part of the holding company Helios Health.
We recorded sustained high demand for treatments as well as for services for occupational risk prevention (ORP) in Spain, in addition to good contributions from our hospitals in Latin America.
Together with the existing Helios site in Warburg in North Rhine-Westphalia, the aim is to form and expand a regional network over the next few years.
We have acquired leading reproductive clinics and centers in the United States and Canada, and opened a new reproductive medicine facility in Vicenza, Italy.
Fresenius Vamed is a leading global provider of services for hospitals and other health care facilities.
Given the sustainable growth potential and the company’s already strong market position, Fresenius Kabi will continue to focus on products and services for critically and chronically ill patients. 
Within this clear direction, Fresenius Kabi has defined three growth vectors: the broadening of our biopharmaceutical offering, further roll-out of clinical nutrition, expansion in the MedTech area.
Fresenius Digital Technology reached a milestone on the path to becoming a modern, global IT organization in 2021.
Research services provided by third parties are mainly used by Fresenius Kabi, especially in the field of biosimilars.
These partners include numerous academic institutions, such as research institutes at prestigious universities in the United States.
This subsidiary of Fresenius Medical Care North America is a renowned institution in the field of clinical research into all aspects of chronic kidney failure.
Our research and development center for biosimilars is based in Eysins, Switzerland, where new products for the treatment of autoimmune and oncological diseases are developed in state-of-the-art development and research laboratories.
Since its introduction in 2019, we have launched the product in numerous countries within Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, as well as in Israel and Canada.
The clinical development of MSB 114552, a biosimilar candidate of pegfilgrastim, has been successfully completed and marketing authorization applications are currently being reviewed by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to obtain approval for market launch.
Approval for U.S. market launch requires the FDA to conduct inspections at the European production sites for MSB 11455. 
In the reporting year, the FDA informed Fresenius Kabi that it was postponing the completion of its review process, as COVID-19-related restrictions are delaying FDA inspections across the world.
The main focus here is on products for markets with high growth potential, such as for Taiwan and Korea in Asia-Pacific and Brazil in Latin America.
In Germany, Fresenius companies have signed tariff agreements with IG BCE, Marburger Bund, and ver.di (labor union for services).
Dr. Gerd Krick (82) left the Supervisory Boards of Fresenius Management SE and the listed Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA when his term ended at the close of the Annual General Meeting in May 2021.
Michael Sen (52) became the new Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius Kabi AG.
He succeeded Mats Henriksson (53), who left the company due to different views on Fresenius Kabi’s future direction.
Wolfgang Kirsch (65), a member of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Management SE since January 1, 2020, took over from him as Chairman of both Supervisory Boards.
In recognition and deep appreciation of his long decades of accomplishment and invaluable work on behalf of Fresenius, Dr. Krick was named Honorary Chairman of both Supervisory Boards.
Klaus-Peter Müller (76) stepped down from the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Management SE at the end of his term in May 2021.
Hannover Re, with gross premium of more than EUR 27 billion, is the third-largest reinsurer in the world.
The German business of the Hannover Re Group is transacted by our subsidiary E+S Rück.
The rating agencies most relevant to the insurance industry have awarded both Hannover Re and E+S Rück very good financial strength ratings: Standard & Poor’s AA- “Very Strong” and A.M. Best A+ “Superior”.
Jean-Jacques Henchoz Chairman of the Executive Board.
Hannover Rück SE is a European Company, Societas Europaea (SE), based in Hannover, Germany.
Furthermore, we are an active member of various working groups of the Insurance Development Forum (IDF). 
The IDF is a public-private partnership led by the insurance industry and supported by international organisations. 
The IDF's mission is to strengthen resilience and risk protection in regions that are especially vulnerable to natural disasters through insurance solutions and risk management.
In the 2021 reporting year Hannover Re joined the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA) so as to work with other participants on the development of metrics and targets.
The following list shows a selection of the most significant bodies and partnerships to which our company belongs: American Council of Life Insurers (www.acli.com), Chief Risk Officer Forum (www.thecroforum.org), European Insurance Chief Financial Officer Forum.
In the closing statement of the UN Climate Change Conference 2021 in Glasgow, known as COP26, the participating countries reaffirmed the 1.5 °C target in the year under review.
Climate change and the regulatory measures for tackling its causes and effects are accompanied by a number of implications for Hannover Re's operations, too.
These include institutions such as Handicap International, Doctors Without Borders, Terre des Femmes, the civic initiative Bürgerstiftung Hannover, the foundation "Ein Platz für Kinder", Stiftung Lesen (a non-profit organisation to promote reading), the initiative "Seniorpartner in School" and others.
For the sixth time we gave our support to the Friends of the Earth – Diepholz Moor Depression (BUND Diepholzer Moorniederung), an initiative dedicated to protecting and preserving the moorland and the species of plants and animals (in some instances endangered) native to this part of Lower Saxony.
Our associates in Orlando supported the Muscular Dystrophy Association of Florida to help fund worldwide studies for the treatment of muscular dystrophy, ALS and related diseases.
Hotel Hope is a South African non-profit organisation established with the aim of ensuring that each and every child is brought up in a safe, happy and healthy home.
Presently, more employees are engaged with Hotel Hope in official but unpaid roles such as looking after the finances of Hotel Hope.
We have also made more substantial financial contributions that have enabled Hotel Hope to open another home in the third quarter of 2022.
In Australia, Hannover Re Life of Australia continued to focus its efforts on creating positive and healthy working environments – and hence also on the health and well-being of employees – through its support for SuperFriend, whose partner we have been since the very beginning.
Together with its partners, SuperFriend works to help members facilitate positive and healthy work environments.
Since 2020, Hannover Re has been a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).
Furthermore, Hannover Re recognises the eight core labour standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO) for all its employees around the world and respects the right to freedom of association and union representation.
The executive staff of Hannover Rück SE and E+S Rückversicherung AG are represented by the joint Executive Committee.
For this reason, we are delighted to support the Lemonade Crypto Climate Coalition with our expertise and risk-carrying capacity.
The rehab service provider RehaAssist, for example, supports severely injured policyholders so as to enable them to recover as quickly and completely as possible.
The Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) heads various internal working groups that deal with the different areas of focus of sustainability at HeidelbergCement.
Our goal and the associated measures are consistent with the road map dened by the International Energy Agency (IEA) to help the industry implement the Paris Agreement.
HeidelbergCement was the first cement company to have its targets reviewed and endorsed by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
We are now actively supporting the SBTi’s efforts to analize a 2030 roadmap and criteria for the cement industry in line with the 1.5°C target.
In line with the European Union’s circular economy targets, HeidelbergCement is involved in research projects investigating the reuse of recycled building materials, for instance in fresh concrete.
As a founding member of the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA), we aim to further strengthen innovation and sustainability at a global level.
In 2021, HeidelbergCement was instrumental in the development and publication of Concrete Future, the detailed GCCA roadmap that sets out the path to the complete decarbonisation of the industry worldwide by 2050.
We are also actively involved in the global umbrella organisation of the Green Building Councils, the World Green Building Council. 
And since 2020, HeidelbergCement has been an ofcial partner in the Europe Regional Network (ERN).
Through our memberships in various national associations, we are also represented in the respective European umbrella organisations, such as the European Cement Association (CEMBUREAU), which puts forward the industry’s concerns in discussions and negotiations with the European Union and its institutions. 
As an indirect member of the European Aggregates Association (UEPG), we also present our positions on aggregates to political decision makers. 
Our interests concerning concrete are represented by the European Ready-Mixed Concrete Organisation (ERMCO) and the European Concrete Platform (ECP).
As one of the companies supporting the Stiftung KlimaWirtschaft (climate economy foundation, formerly known as Stiftung 2°) – a business network advocating progressive climate policy at Managing Board level – we develop cross-sectoral approaches and policy concepts for a successful industrial transformation towards climate neutrality.
We provide data relating to these considerations to rating agencies including CDP, ISS, Moody’s, MSCI, and Sustainalytics, respond to enquiries, and engage in open and ongoing dialogue with stakeholders who focus on sustainability issues.
However, the ood disaster in Germany, Belgium, and the Netherlands, among others, in July 2021 has also shown that all locations must be prepared for the possible consequences of climate change.
Chennai, in southeast India, has an average temperature of over 30°C.
Between 2018 and 2021, more than 6,000 trees were planted at the Chennai plant to enlarge the green areas surrounding the plant.
Dimitrovgrad, Bulgaria: ood protection in the vicinity of the plant.
We are therefore committed to upholding the principles of the eight core labour standards of the International Labour Organisation (ILO), the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
We also work with an external partner with whom we assess the top-selling suppliers in North America, Germany, and the United Kingdom, as well as the global suppliers in the Group.
Through our participation in the Dutch concrete recycling company Rewinn B.V., Amsterdam, which we established together with local partner Theo Pouw BV, Utrecht, Netherlands, we are able to produce up to 250,000 tonnes of aggregates from recycled concrete annually.
We are actively involved in the German Sustainable Building Council (DGNB) and as an ofcial partner in the Europe Regional Network (ERN) of the World Green Building Council.
By doing so, we also full our obligation under the Low Carbon Technology Partnerships Initiative (LCTPi), which aims to scale up deployment of low-carbon technologies in industry.
In cooperation with our Dutch partner OmegaGreen, we launched a large-scale research and demonstration project at our Sa cement plant in Morocco in 2018 to use CO2 captured from the cement kiln to breed microalgae and therefore to manufacture sh food and other animal feed.
In cooperation with our partner, BirdLife International, we conducted a study to determine how far our quarries are from areas of recognised high biodiversity value in Europe, Africa, and Asia.
At Henkel, we see sustainability as a constant endeavor to make progress on current topics and keep learning about new issues, based on scientific knowledge.
During the transition period in 2022, we continued to employ and pay our 2,500 employees in Russia. In Ukraine itself, our primary concern is the safety of our 600 employees and their families.
We also address the global challenge of a circular economy in partnership with the social enterprise → Plastic Bank. 
The idea of Plastic Bank is to reduce plastic waste in nature while also providing new opportunities for people in poverty. 
In 2017, Henkel became the first major global consumer goods company to work with Plastic Bank. 
In 2022, we continued to support Plastic Bank’s commitment in Egypt to developing the local recycling infrastructure.
For example, volunteer efforts by our employees have provided support for social projects in Guatemala, in cooperation with the organization United Way Worldwide.
Chaired by Sylvie Nicol, Executive Vice President Human Resources, Infrastructure and Sustainability, the Sustainability Council is the central decision-making body for our global sustainability activities.
Many of our employees work in countries where, according to surveys by organizations such as Transparency International, there is a greater risk of encountering corrupt practices.
Collaboration in industry associations such as the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI).
Member of initiatives, for example Chemie, Responsible Care, Renewable Carbon Initiative and Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW).
Dialogue with organizations, such as the European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals (ECETOC), to improve measurement methods for the collection of sustainability data.
This community, led by the World Economic Forum, is committed to accelerating decarbonization and expanding partnerships across global value chains.
To explore the potential impacts of climate change, one of the sources we use is data from transition scenarios developed by the International Energy Agency (IEA) and from climate scenarios conducted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
Henkel supports collection and recycling infrastructure in Europe, India, North America and Egypt.
We base our understanding of recyclable or reusable on the guidelines issued by the European PET Bottle Platform (EPBP) industry initiative, RecyClass from Plastics Recyclers Europe, the Golden Design Rules published by the Consumer Goods Forum, and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s “design for recyclability guidelines”.
The program is a project within the scope of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition in the US, an association of industrial companies, research institutes and public authorities that aims to increase the general understanding of sustainability related to packaging and smarter packaging solutions.
These adhesives have been recognized by the cross-industry non-profit organization RecyClass as fully compatible with existing recycling processes.
This is the reason why we have established a strategic partnership with the RWTH Aachen spin-off organization PEM Motion, which involves collaborating to pioneer more sustainable next-generation battery technologies and develop innovative solutions that meet the material requirements of a closed-loop system.
Henkel has been a founding member of the Renewable Carbon Initiative since 2020.
An important partner on the path to improved recycling of waste and the establishment of a circular economy is the social enterprise Plastic Bank.
In 2022, there were 14 collection centers operating around Cairo, along the Nile River, and in Red Sea vacation hotspots.
Our membership in the New Plastics Economy (NPEC), an initiative of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation that brings together different stakeholders to shape the future of plastics and create momentum for a circular economy, is an important example of our engagement in this area.
The Plastic Waste Coalition of Action was formed from the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) in 2020.
The Cyclos-HTP Institute, which specializes in classifying, assessing and certifying the recyclability of packaging and products, has confirmed that Henkel’s bottles, in black color and carbon-free, are fully detectable and sortable.
Infineon and Hyundai Motor Group nurture start-ups with a focus on mobility of the future and digitalization.
Infineon and Rainforest Connection develop real-time monitoring systems designed to detect wildfires.
Infineon Malaysia acquires Syntronixs Asia, a Malaysia-based electroplating company.
Founded in 2006, Syntronixs Asia has a workforce of more than 500 people and has been a major service provider for Infineon since 2009.
Infineon is a very successful participant in the study of Germany’s best trainers 2021 conducted by the German business magazine “Capital” and the talent platform Ausbildung.de.
For the twelfth consecutive year, Infineon makes it into the Sustainability Yearbook published by S&P2 Global in cooperation with RobecoSAM3.
In addition to a number of existing initiatives and partnerships, the chip manufacturer is taking part in six more research projects that are part of a stimulus package for the future of quantum technologies supported by the German Federal Government.
EcoVadis, an independent rating agency that monitors the sustainability of suppliers, analyzes Infineon with regard to environmental, social, ethical and financial influencing factors.
Infineon doubles this amount, with the result that a final total of €500,000 is donated to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR).
With effect from 1 April 2022, Jochen Hanebeck assumes the role of Chief Executive Officer of Infineon, succeeding Dr. Reinhard Ploss. Dr. Ploss was awarded the German title of CEO of the Year six times and served as CEO of Infineon for nine years. 
On 1 April 2022, Dr. Wijburg is appointed as the new COO of Infineon’s Management Board, succeeding Jochen Hanebeck in this role.
Having been selected as an excellent partner of Hyundai in 2018, this is the second time Infineon has received the award. 
Infineon switches the power supply to its semiconductor factory in Austin fully over to green electricity.
It is awarded each year by the German business newspaper Handelsblatt, the German business news magazine Wirtschaftswoche, Accenture, and EnBW.
Dr. Helmut Gassel, member of the Management Board and CMO of Infineon, resigned from the Board at his own request on 31 May 2022 and left the company.
Andreas Urschitz, who until then had been President of Infineon’s Power & Sensor Systems (PSS) segment, was appointed as his successor.
Infineon in Batam is awarded the title of “National Lighthouse Industry 4.0” by the Indonesian Ministry of Industry during the Business Round Table on 16 June 2022 in Jakarta (Indonesia) on the occasion of the state visit of the German President.
Following the conclusion of the public tender process by the Audit Committee, the Supervisory Board of Infineon has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting that Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich (Germany) be appointed as auditor for the 2024 fiscal year.
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich (Germany), has provided independent limited assurance regarding the specified sustainability performance information provided in this report in accordance with the “International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)”, the pertinent standard for assuring sustainability information.
The group, which is led by the international non-profit organization Climate Group in partnership with CDP, represents more than 370 companies in a variety of economic sectors.
Infineon is once again among the ten best semiconductor companies in the world in terms of entrepreneurial sustainability.
In both categories, Training and Work-Study Programs, Infineon receives an award for the third time in a row.
The start-ups will also have the opportunity of closer collaboration, becoming part of Infineon’s co-innovation space in Singapore.
After Infineon had been awarded Gold status by EcoVadis for six years in succession, it received the EcoVadis Platinum medal in the 2022 fiscal year.
For the fourth year in a row, our company received an AA rating (based on a scale from AAA to CCC) in the MSCI Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Ratings.
The EQS electric saloon is produced CO2 neutrally at Factory 56 in Sindelfingen.
For example, Mercedes-Benz has agreed to purchase battery cells produced in a CO2 neutral manner as part of its strategic partnerships with battery cell partners CATL, ACC and Farasis.
The ESSENZ method that we developed in cooperation with the TU Berlin and other partners provides information about the scope of the risks.
To date, the Mercedes-Benz Group has identified 24 such risk-related raw materials, including cobalt and lithium, which we will only procure from certified sources in the future.
Prof Dr Dr Felix Ekardt is Head of the Research Unit Sustainability and Climate Policy in Leipzig and Berlin and Professor of Public Law and Law Philosophy at the University of Rostock. 
In 2021, together with the lawyer Dr Franziska Heß, he obtained the decision of Germany’s Federal Constitutional Court on climate policy, which received worldwide attention.
Jana Krägenbring-Noor is the Head of the Corporate Environmental Protection and Energy Management department.
Mohamad Ysser Makansi, Co-Worker Mercedes-EQ battery production team at the Mercedes-Benz plant Untertürkheim, Hedelfingen sub-plant.
Servane Lessi, Head of the Electric Power Train at the Mercedes-Benz AG.
Florian Weisbeck, Chairman of the Joint Youth and Trainee Representation of Mercedes-Benz AG in Untertürkheim.
Sabine Kohleisen, Member of the Board of Management of Mercedes-Benz Group AG and Mercedes-Benz AG responsible for Human Resources and Labor Director.
Ergun Lümali, Chairman of the Works Council at the Sindelfingen plant and Chairman of the General Works Council of Mercedes-Benz Group AG.
Roman Zitzelsberger, District Manager of the German Metalworkers’ Union (IG Metall) in Baden-Württemberg.
Georg Leutert, Director for Automotive and Aerospace Industries at IndustriALL.
At IndustriALL, a global federation of labour unions, we're especially interested in the worldwide impacts of the transformation on employees.
Hildegard Müller, President of the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA).
The automotive industry, as organised in the VDA, is clearly committed to achieving climate-neutral mobility no later than 2050.
Hildegard Müller has been President of the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA) since February 2020.
Prior to that, she was Chief Executive Officer of the BDEW e.V. (German Association of Energy and Water Industries) from 2008 until 2016. 
She was a member of the German Bundestag from 2002 to 2008 and a Minister of State to the former Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany Angela Merkel from 2005 to 2008.
In 2021 Ola Källenius announced a strategic shift from electric-first to electric-only.
Christopher Gerdes Head of Strategy Development & Strategy Intelligence at Mercedes-Benz AG.
Such as the perspective Yuken Teruya gives us with his series of paper trees that he carves out of paper bags?
The title was also inspired by the German-American philosopher Hannah Arendt, who defined friendship as a constant discourse based on the acceptance of difference and diversity.
Buhlebezwe Siwani’s work deals with the effects of colonialism in her home country, South Africa.
We continued to engage in combating Covid-19 in 2021, including accelerating the supply of urgently needed lipids as part of our strategic partnership with BioNTech and comprehensively expanding our production capacities for technologies and solutions that are required for the manufacture of Covid-19 vaccines and treatments.
Based in Darmstadt, Germany, the legal form of our company is a corporation with general partners (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien – KGaA). The Merck family holds around 70% of the equity capital of Merck KGaA (equity interest) via the general partner E. Merck; the shareholders hold the remainder, which is divided into shares (subscribed capital).
Our shares have been a constituent of the DAX®, the blue-chip index of the Deutsche Börse, since 2007. 
We are also a member of the Chemie3 initiative, a collaboration between the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI), the Federal Employers’ Association (BAVC) and the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE).
As part of the Group Compliance Center of Expertise, our global team for coordinating transparency reporting is responsible for implementing current and upcoming transparency reporting requirements in the Healthcare business sector – including those of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and the United States Physician Payments Sunshine Act.
We take a risk-based approach to our annual audit planning process, considering factors such as sales, employee headcount, systematic stakeholder feedback and the Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) published by the non-governmental organization Transparency International.
We are members of various organizations, including the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI), the German Institute for Compliance (DICO), the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), the German Association of Voluntary Self-Regulation for the Pharmaceutical Industry (FSA), the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), the Alliance for Integrity, the German Association for Supply Chain Management, Procurement and Logistics (BME), and the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP).
In addition to applicable laws and our own internal standards, we comply with the codes of conduct of various international industry organizations, such as the Code of Practice published by the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) and the Code of Practice of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA).
We are also members of various local industry associations, such as the German Association of Voluntary Self-Regulation for the Pharmaceutical Industry (FSA) and the U.S. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA).
We also partner with industry associations, such as Global Alliance for Medical Education (GAME), International Alliance for Continuing Medical Education, (iPACME), European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and Medical Affairs Professional Society (MAPS).
Taxes are managed in different units within Merck KGaA.
For the risk evaluation, we apply the risk data provided by EcoVadis for almost our complete purchase volume (98%).
We are a member of both Together for Sustainability (TfS) and the Pharma Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI).
Our educational efforts in Jharkhand include funding three schools with nearly 500 students as well as five vocational training centers, all run by our local partner, the NGO IGEP.
We are fully funding an IGEP-operated health center that serves approximately 20,000 residents in the local region.
We are also a founding member of the multi-stakeholder group Responsible Mica Initiative (RMI).
During the reporting year, we continued to support the RMI’s work on its three main program pillars.
Through continuous advocacy work, the RMI is recognized as an important partner for drafting future policies to help ensure sustainable mica mining, while eradicating the root causes of child labor.
As a member of TransCelerate, a consortium of 21 pharmaceutical companies, we are currently collaborating on several initiatives to drive the efficient, effective and high-quality delivery of new medicines.
In 2021, we established multidisciplinary boards in Europe and the United Kingdom that review and approve all work conducted by or on behalf of our company involving the use of animals.
As part of our efforts to improve animal welfare, we are involved in several organizations and industry initiatives, including the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and Interpharma, a federation of research-based pharmaceutical companies in Switzerland.
Interpharma conducts audits at contract research organizations and animal breeders together with selected member companies.
Since 2021, the DEAP has also been addressing questions arising from Syntropy, a digital joint venture between Palantir Technologies and our company.
Syntropy enables us to collect data, collaborate and develop new discoveries in a safe, trust-based environment while also ensuring that the institutions that provide the data retain ownership of it.
In 2021, we partnered with the well-established patent information platform LexisNexis PatentSight to assess the sustainability impact of our intellectual property.
FOREWORD BY REINER WINKLER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF MTU AERO ENGINES AG.
To this end, in 2021 we strengthened our collaboration with the German Aerospace Center (DLR).
he first basic tests for condensation were completed in collaboration with the University of Stuttgart.
We should tap into this potential, which is why MTU supports several projects to set up production facilities and this year began using SAFs in maintenance test runs for some customers.
Operating affiliates all over the world, MTU has a local presence in major regions and markets and is headquartered in Munich, Germany.
The company is a valued and trusted partner to all of the big players in the industry: GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce.
MTU has entered into an innovation partnership with the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA).
In addition, both concepts received positive reviews as part of the Call for Expressions of Ideas issued by the EU’s Clean Aviation public-private partnership.
This provided a basis from which to refine the technology roadmap for Clean Aviation.
To achieve climate neutrality for MTU, we have selected various international offsetting projects such as the construction of a hydroelectric power station in Brazil and biogas plants in Nepal.
Our international locations also work together with selected universities and colleges in their regions: MTU Aero Engines Polska has established an alliance with the Lezajsk Technical School and the University of Science and Technology (AGH) in Kraków, and MTU Aero Engines North America has a partnership with the CREC Aerospace Academy.
Together with Technische Universität Braunschweig, we operate a maintenance laboratory to enable students to experience engine maintenance at our premises as part of their master’s studies.
We run a series of sponsorship schemes at the University of Stuttgart and the German Aerospace Center that support young researchers for a number of years after they finish their degrees, and we provide financial backing for a , or “Germany Scholarship” at Leibniz Universität Hannover and Technische Universität Braunschweig.
In cooperation with the Business4School project, an initiative that aims to foster business skills in schoolchildren, HR and Controlling managers at MTU Maintenance Hannover give insights into their work in lectures at local schools.
Our engineering subsidiary in the United States also financially supports the Eurotech scholarship program at the University of Connecticut.
As well as providing financial grants, the offers personal advice and mentoring to help students get started with their careers.
We provide a significant proportion of the lectures for the engine technology course at the Brandenburg University of Technology (BTU) in Cottbus.
MTU has endowed a chair for aircraft engine structural mechanics at the University of Stuttgart as well.
Each year, MTU confers the Wolfgang Heilmann Science Award for outstanding achievements by talented young students performing research in the field of aircraft engines at Karlsruhe Institute of Technology.
For several years now, MTU Maintenance Hannover has supported the initiative in Hannover through its involvement as a partner.
In Germany, the company allows staff to undertake projects during their paid workday with the German Federal Agency for Technical Relief or the volunteer fire department, and offers the services of lay justices for labor tribunals and social justice courts and of examiners for the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
Employees in the United States have collected donations for food banks.
In response to the devastation caused by flooding in several regions of Germany in the summer of 2021, MTU donated a total of EUR 100,000 to the Red Cross and other aid organizations and initiatives.
Some of this money went to local charity drives, especially in the affected region of southern Bavaria. Employees pitched in with the volunteer fire department or helped with the German Federal Agency for Technical Relief’s clean-up work.
At MTU’s site in Poland, a team of employees has set up an emergency relief organization for Ukraine that matches up volunteers, aid packages and goods with people who need help.
Diversity and inclusion is a cornerstone of the S pillar of ESG at Munich Re.
With more than 30,000 employees and sales representatives worldwide, ERGO Group AG offers customers a comprehensive spectrum of insurance.
ERGO International AG manages the Group’s international business.
Via ERGO, Munich Re offers products in all main classes of insurance: life insurance, German health insurance, and in nearly all lines of property-casualty insurance, as well as travel insurance and legal protection insurance.
MEAG manages Munich Re’s investments worldwide and offers its expertise to private and insitutional investors. 
MEAG handles all the main asset classes. 
Voluntary commitments, such as those we make to the UN Global Compact (UNGC), the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI) and – since 2020 – our membership of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (AOA), represent a key element of our sustainability strategy.
Furthermore, Munich Re is a founding member of the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (2021), convened by the UN PSI.
MR Munich headquarters is carbon net-zero, ongoing carbon neutrality at other sites of Munich Re.
LinkedIn Learning for reinsurance: approx. 6,100 activated licences, > 228,000 completed learning videos.
Autumn 2021, two new development programmes, “The Future Manager” and “Next Level Leadership”, were launched at ERGO, as well as the Oxygen programme in the reinsurance group.
Munich Re again achieved the highest category with the rating “excellent” and was ranked first in the DVFA analysis of DAX and MDAX indices.
These include the Global Earthquake Model (GEM), the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI) and the German Data Science Society (GDS).
In addition, in 2021, Munich Re co-founded the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA), which intends to decarbonise all insurance activities by 2050.
Munich Re’s definition of the Arctic region is based on the internationally accepted broad definition of the Arctic by the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Programme (AMAP), with minor exceptions in the Norwegian Arctic region.
African Energy Guarantee Facility (AEGF): (re)insurance capacity for sustainable energy projects in sub-Saharan Africa.
DKV EcoHogar – Ecological household insurance.
HDFC ERGO in India markets a wide range of microinsurance policies in the rural sector, including weather-indexed, health, personal accident, and fire, as well as special coverages for farmers.
DKV Health Insurance in Spain offers Famedic Plus, a product targeted at families.
Supported by the European Commission (the UN’s Sustainable Energy for All initiative), the KfW Banking Group, the European Investment Bank and a local primary insurer – the African Trade Insurance Agency, we offer insurance coverage for political risks, such as those connected with government failure to fulfil power purchase agreements, expropriation, breach of contract, war and civil unrest; specifically, those countries connected with renewable energy projects in sub-Saharan Africa.
The African Energy Guarantee Facility provides customised insurance solutions that facilitate investment in primarily long-term energy projects.
The Caribbean Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility (CCRIF), which Munich Re helped to set up in 2007, guarantees payments within 14 days after a natural catastrophe to participating countries, which can then use the money for recovery efforts.
The Mexican government focuses on protecting its public assets stock by reducing the adverse fiscal impact of natural disasters.
In December 2021, Munich Re concluded the first parametric disaster insurance integrated into a sovereign bond issuance with the government of Belize in collaboration with Willis Towers Watson and The Nature Conservancy (TNC).
Munich Re became a formal partner of Save the Children in 2019 and has provided financial support for a variety of aid measures.
Oliver Blume and Lutz Meschke are managers with a passion for sports — and they lead Porsche in line with the same principles as one would a sports team.
High-power charging at Mondsee lake: Otmar Bitsche with his Taycan Turbo Sport Turismo.
Porsche engineer Otmar Bitsche knows the A 1, A 8, A 9, and A 99 superhighways like the back of his hand, as he drives his Taycan Turbo Sport Turismo from the Weissach Development Centre to his family’s home in Graz, Austria, every weekend. 
Barbara Frenkel and Karl Dums have been airborne for nearly 24 hours, having flown to the other side of the world, and have landed safely at Aeropuerto Internacional Presidente Carlos Ibáñez del Campo, as the airport is officially called.
Frenkel and Dums are on their way to the world’s southernmost city, Punta Arenas, in close proximity to Tierra del Fuego, the legendary group of islands.
Measuring 1.6 meters at the shoulders and weighing in at around 700 kilograms, this ox with powerful horns is a rare sight that visitors can enjoy close-up in northwestern Leipzig.
In cooperation with the Volkswagen Group and expert development partners, Porsche AG is also optimizing a procedure to recycle high-voltage batteries. 
In 2021, Porsche and CUSTOMCELLS GmbH founded the Cellforce Group to make it possible to build exceptionally powerful yet also more sustainable batteries.
The Cellforce Group has signed agreements with partner companies to recycle production waste into new cathode material for future batteries. 
By optimizing a pre-existing paint shop, the Stuttgart-Zuffenhausen site has been able to save over 850,000 kWh of heat energy.
Porsche AG and Porsche Leipzig GmbH have a system for collecting and separating unavoidable waste that is set for removal.
The donations went to the charitable organization ARTHELPS, which delivers aid to Ukraine on a regular basis. 
In the Ukrainian city of Smila, ARTHELPS is also offering another type of aid to children and young people who are refugees: psychological support and art therapy — which can be extremely effective in children especially — aim to make it easier to process the trauma of war and counteract any potential long-term effects.
The nationwide Children’s run for life, which is organized by the children’s charity Bundesverband Kinderhospiz e. V., aims to bring a sensitive issue into the public eye and constantly raise awareness in order to dispel the taboo.
Sotheby’s auctioned off a truly special unique specimen: the 911 Sally Special.
In soccer, it has partnerships with RB Leipzig, the Stuttgarter Kickers, the Red Bull Football Academy, Borussia Mönchengladbach, and FC Erzgebirge Aue.
ice hockey, the company supports talented young people at the Bietigheim Steelers.
In basketball, the Porsche Basketball Academy (BBA) in Ludwigsburg — the elite training center for MHP RIESEN Ludwigsburg — is named after Porsche AG.
In cooperation with partner clubs FC Erzgebirge Aue, Borussia Mönchengladbach, SV Stuttgarter Kickers, and RB Leipzig, the Porsche youth development initiative “Turbo for Talents” launched football camps for children and young people who had fled Ukraine.
In the reporting period, Porsche AG also partnered with universities and organizations such as Formula Student Germany and CODE University of Applied Sciences.
Porsche AG is also a member of the employers’ association Südwestmetall and is therefore part of the social partnership actively practiced between the metal and electrical industry and the IG Metall trade union.
Porsche Leipzig GmbH has been a member of the Saxony Employers’ Association for the Metal and Electrical Industry (VSME) since January 1, 2019.
Additionally, the employees of Porsche AG, Porsche Leipzig GmbH, Porsche Deutschland GmbH, Porsche Engineering Group/Services GmbH, Porsche Financial Services GmbH, Porsche Lifestyle GmbH & Co. KG, Porsche Niederlassung Hamburg GmbH, Porsche Niederlassung Berlin Potsdam GmbH, Porsche Niederlassung Berlin GmbH, Porsche Niederlassung Stuttgart GmbH, Porsche Werkzeugbau GmbH, MHP GmbH, and Porsche Digital GmbH appointed representatives in accordance with the relevant election principles in the reporting year.
What makes this partnership special is that, in direct cooperation with Porsche, UP.Labs will develop start-ups that are tailored to the Porsche AG Group.
The Porsche AG Group entered into a partnership with UP.Labs in the year under review.
The non-financial group report of Porsche Automobil Holding SE (“Porsche SE” or the “company”) aims to give internal and external readers a transparent presentation of the concepts, strategies and processes relating to non-financial aspects in the Porsche SE Group.
This non-financial group report of Porsche SE for the fiscal year 2022 follows the commercial law requirements of Sec. 315b HGB [“Handelsgesetzbuch”: German Commercial Code] as well as the additional disclosure obligations of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 (EU Taxonomy Regulation).
The Porsche SE Group currently opts not to use such a framework on account of deviating definitions of materiality between the frameworks and the legal requirements as well as the unreasonable cost-benefit ratio in light of the current corporate structure.
Reporting covers Porsche SE and the fully consolidated entities included in the consolidated financial statements of the Porsche SE Group in the reporting year.
Reporting on the Porsche SE Group mainly focuses on the non-financial aspects environmental matters, employee-related matters, social matters, respect for human rights and anti-corruption and bribery matters.
In particular, it holds the majority of the ordinary shares in Volkswagen Aktiengesellschaft (“Volkswagen AG” or “Volkswagen”), one of the world’s leading automobile manufacturers.
As the parent company of the Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen AG directly and indirectly holds investments in AUDI AG, SEAT S.A., ŠKODA AUTO a.s., Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG (“Porsche AG”), TRATON SE, Volkswagen Financial Services AG, Volkswagen Bank GmbH as well as in numerous other companies in Germany and abroad.
In addition to these two core investments, the Porsche SE Group holds noncontrolling interests in nine technology companies based in North America, Europe and Israel (as of 31 December 2022).
The investment strategy of Porsche SE aims for sustainable value creation for its shareholders.
The first category includes the long-term core investments in Volkswagen AG and in Porsche AG.
With their software solutions and their data portfolio, European Transport Solutions S.à r.l. and INRIX Inc. aim to optimize traffic flows and transport routes, thereby making a significant contribution to reducing the consumption of resources and lowering emissions.
As part of the EU Commission’s European Green Deal, with the primary aim of climate neutrality by 2050, the EU Taxonomy Regulation and its delegated acts (EU Taxonomy) have entered into force since July 2020 as a key measure of the action plan for the financing of sustainable growth.
The Porsche SE Group is made up of the fully consolidated subsidiaries Porsche Beteiligung GmbH, Porsche Zweite Beteiligung GmbH, Porsche Dritte Beteiligung GmbH and Porsche Vierte Beteiligung GmbH.
The wording and terminology used in the EU Taxonomy are still subject to a degree of uncertainty in interpretation, which could lead to changes in the future reporting, if it is subsequently clarified by the EU Commission.
The identified economic activities of the Porsche SE Group are activities in its function as a holding company.
Neither the core investments in Volkswagen AG and Porsche AG nor the portfolio investments are included in the consolidated financial statements of Porsche SE by way of full consolidation.
The quantitative information was determined based on the IFRS consolidated financial statements of Porsche SE for the fiscal year 2022.
The CapEx of the Porsche SE Group contain expenses of €1 million for right-of-use assets from vehicle leasing contracts.
The CapEx and OpEx relate entirely to the holding operations of the Porsche SE Group in the reporting period and are thus allocated to taxonomy-noneligible economic activities.
The OpEx of the Porsche SE Group contain expenses in connection with leases as well as for maintenance and repair totaling €1 million.
CapEx relating to the Porsche SE Group comprise additions to right-of-use assets under IFRS 16 as well as additions to property, plant and equipment under IAS 16 and other intangible assets under IAS 38 totaling €1 million.
Their economic activities are therefore not to be included in Porsche SE’s disclosures.
CapEx and OpEx for taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities of the holding operations of the Porsche SE Group relating to the purchase of output of taxonomy-eligible or taxonomy-aligned economic activities are reported as taxonomyeligible or taxonomy-aligned CapEx and OpEx pursuant to Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 Annex I 1.1.2.2. Category c and 1.1.3.2. Category c (“Category c”).
As defined by the EU Taxonomy, these economic activities do not make a substantial contribution to the EU’s first two environmental objectives and are therefore classified as taxonomynon-eligible.
The identified economic activities of the Porsche SE Group are activities in its function as a holding company.
QIAGEN is a world-leading supplier of sample and assay technologies for molecular diagnostics, applied testing and life science research.
At QIAGEN, sustainability means long-term economic success combined with respect for the natural environment and our stakeholders – employees, customers, suppliers and neighbors.
The 17 global sustainability goals with 169 sub-goals were adopted by all UN member states in 2015 in what is termed the “Agenda 2030”.
Our Non-Financial Reporting as requested by the European Union is included in the IFRS Annual Report, which has been filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) in the Netherlands.
At QIAGEN, we are seriously committed to minimizing the environmental impact of our business activities – from the energy and resources we consume in our manufacturing processes, right down to the materials we use in our laboratories and offices.
We also began preparing an environmental management system as per ISO 14001 at our largest manufacturing location in Hilden.
The 2021 LCA was carried out in accordance with ISO 14040 / 14044 and certified by an independent third party (GUTcert).
In 2021, we reaffirmed and strengthened this commitment by joining the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign of the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi).
In joining the SBTi campaign, we also joined the Race to Zero, a UN-backed global campaign to take immediate action to reduce emissions across all scopes.
Our subsidiary in Hilden, Germany, set the precedent by switching to 100 % green energy, significantly reducing our 2021 corporate carbon footprint. 
Hilden also installed solar panels which will reduce the amount purchased from utilities.
In 2021, our Manchester, U.K. subsidiary moved to new premises that incorporate energy saving technology into the design.
The straw-based coolers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and paper-based coolers in the Americas have replaced a total number of 15,700 EPS coolers in 2021.
MyGreenLab® is a nonprofit organization run by scientists to develop standards and improve the environmental footprint of the scientific community.
11.6 megaliters were extracted from areas classified as having medium-high, high, or extremely high water stress, as defined by World Resource Institute Aqueduct.
In Hilden, Germany, we collaborate with local organizations to help integrate refugees from Syria and other war-torn countries through a program that includes language training and cultural orientation, assessment centers, and internships at QIAGEN.
Hilden also works with workers from Hephata, a local institution for citizens with disabilities, who undertake a broad range of operational tasks for the company, including certain packaging and production responsibilities.
In Pakistan, where rates of TB are high, clinics use QuantiFERON kits to test for TB infection.
In Nigeria, TB is the leading cause of infectious disease deaths, affecting mainly younger individuals aged 15 to 44.
In 2021, we were once again recognized as a “Top Employer” in Germany and additionally received the Top Employer Certificate for China by the Top Employer Institute, a global authority recognizing excellence in people practices.
National QIAGEN branches in India, the Philippines and the U.S. also won “Great Place to Work” awards for the first time.
In addition, we received recognition as one of the “best places to work for LGBTQ+ equality” on the Corporate Equality Index of the Human Rights Campaign Foundation.
Our Hilden-based COVID-19 testing was extended to employees at our sites in Köping (Sweden), Stockach (Germany) and Wroclaw (Poland).
Our Non-Financial Reporting as requested by the European Union is included in the IFRS Annual Report, which has been filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) in the Netherlands.
From 2024 onward, our primary production site in Hilden (Germany) will be subject to the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtgesetz).
To ensure that the Rheinmetall climate targets make an effective contribution, after intensive preliminary work in the year under review – especially on the initial assessment of the 15 Scope 3 sub-categories – it was decided to join the internationally recognized Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a partnership project between the CDP, the UN Global Compact, the World Resources Institute and the WWF, in the first quarter of 2022.
SBTi provides companies with methods with which they can set science-based CO₂ reduction targets. 
Our South African subsidiary Rheinmetall Denel Munition is also engaged in protecting nature and species at risk of extinction at three of its four production sites.
Similar to in Unterlüss, large, demarcated safety areas far from residential areas enable rare animals to expand their habitats unimpeded.
For over a hundred years Rheinmetall has tested some of its military products on heathland near Unterlüss, not far from Celle, in Lower Saxony.
In addition, in September 2021, the Federal Ministry for the Environment published a National Peatland Strategy which includes voluntary rewetting measures.
Rheinmetall AG has traditionally been committed to a responsible, fair and reliable corporate policy that is geared towards the use and expansion of entrepreneurial potential, achieving medium-term financial targets and increasing the value of the company on a systematic and sustainable basis.
The Rheinmetall Group attaches great importance to effective corporate governance, including early reporting, proper accounting and efficient cooperation between the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board based on trust.
The Rheinmetall Group comprises Rheinmetall Aktiengesellschaft, a listed stock corporation established under the laws of Germany and entered in the commercial register of the District Court of Düsseldorf under the number HRB 39401, and its subsidiaries.
Rheinmetall AG is the parent company of the Rheinmetall Group and has its registered office in Düsseldorf, Germany, at the Group headquarters.
Supervisory Board meetings are held in accordance with the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
In view of the further internationalization and the increasing importance of the Group’s strategic future markets (particularly Australia, Asia, USA), a candidate (m/f) with relevant experience in the future markets and in regulated markets should be nominated.
Knowledge of the relevant geographical markets / customer segments especially Northern America, Australia, Asia, and the investment situation as well as political and cultural aspects of both divisions.
The reputation of Rheinmetall, the success of the business and the trust of customers, investors, employees and the general public depend not only on the quality of our products and services, but also to a large degree on good corporate governance and, in particular, on effective compliance processes.
In addition to the applicable legislation of the countries of exportation, European Union regulations as well as anti- corruption laws such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and the French Sapin II Anti- Corruption Act must be observed.
Rheinmetall AG fully complies with the position of the German government, which has made considerable diplomatic efforts concerning the adoption of a convention on cluster munitions.
The Rheinmetall Group and Rheinmetall Defence in particular have great responsibility when it comes to exports.
The Legal department at the Group holding company in Düsseldorf coordinates export control.
Nonetheless, according to Article 346 TEU (Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union), all member states can take measures they consider necessary for the protection of their essential national security interests.
Furthermore, the aim of preventing proliferation is pursued by the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) in the area of ballistic missiles and by the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) in the area of nuclear weapons.
On April 2, 2013, the United Nations General Assembly approved a resolution, by a large majority, to adopt the text of the Arms Trade Treaty.
Economic cooperation among the 164 countries organised in the World Trade Organization (WTO), which account for more than 90% of the world's trade volume, is at a consistently high level.
With the exception of the chapter on "Energy Management", these contents were part of the audit of the consolidated financial statements and the Group management report by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft.
This attitude is also characterized by a commitment to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development adopted by the United Nations and the associated 17 Sustainable Development Goals as well as the Paris Climate Agreement (COP21).
Ursula Pohen, Head of Corporate Social Responsibility, Phone: +49 211 473 4508, E-Mail: csr(at)rheinmetall.com.
It all started more than 120 years ago with the founding of the Rheinisch-Westfälisches Elektrizitätskraftwerk – or RWE for short.
This company supplied the city of Essen with electricity.
RWE is continuing to expand its renewable energy business in order to meet the challenges of the 21st century and from 2009 bundled its renewables business under the name RWE innogy. 
From 2015, innogy SE operated as an independent subsidiary company of RWE and took a listing on the stock exchange in the following year.
The professional services firm PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft performed an engagement audit on the sections indicated with and for these elements of the report provided a limited assurance relating to compliance of the reported disclosures with the GRI Standards.
It is overseen by our Group company RWE Renewables.
The project management and engineering consulting company RWE Technology International and our 37.9% stake in Austrian energy utility KELAG are also allocated to this segment.
The activities are overseen by RWE Generation.
Proprietary trading of energy commodities is at the core of this segment and is overseen by RWE Supply & Trading.
This is also where we report on our investments in Dutch nuclear power plant operator EPZ (30%) and Germany-based URANIT (50%), which holds a 33% stake in uranium enrichment specialist Urenco.
RWE Generation is responsible for our German hard coal-fired power plants.
Another example is the ALIGN-CCUS project financed by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology (BMWi) and the EU.
Markus Krebber is the Chief Executive Officer and he is therefore chair of the Board. 
Mr Krebber is supported on the Executive Board of RWE AG by Zvezdana Seeger and Michael Müller.
Ms Seeger is responsible for HR Services & Analytics, Employee Relations, People Management & Talent Attraction, Information Technology, and Internal Audit & Security at RWE AG.
Furthermore, she is also Labour Director. Mr Müller has the position of Chief Financial Officer on the Executive Board of RWE AG.
As the RWE Group, we feel committed to social responsibility.
This project initiated by the Mongolian Energy Ministry is receiving financial support from the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
At the site of the former Mülheim-Kärlich nuclear power plant, we have been working together with the affected local authorities since 2012 to draw up a development plan for a technology and commercial park covering an area of approximately 40 hectares.
All related activities for RWE nuclear power plants are bundled into RWE Nuclear GmbH.
At the Clocaenog Forest Wind Farm (North Wales) in the United Kingdom, RWE is involved in a rewilding programme.
RWE also supports the Clocaenog Red Squirrel Trust (CRST) in its efforts to re-establish red squirrels in the woodland after their significant decline during recent decades.
At Little Cheyne Court Wind Farm located on the south coast of England, RWE is supporting the work of the Bumblebee Conservation Trust (BCT).
RWE has joined forces with project partners like Kawasaki in order to drive green hydrogen products forward.
We frequently cooperate with partners from academia and industry on our research and development programmes, for example with the Jülich Research Centre and Freiberg Technical University.
At the heart of our strategy to bring SAP’s purpose of “helping the world run better and improving people’s lives” to life, sustainability is firmly anchored in our business strategy, governance, and executive compensation system.
Since January 1, 2021, Sabine Bendiek has served as Chief People & Operating Officer and Labor Relations Director.
For 2023, we plan a targeted restructuring program in close alignment with social partners, which is expected to affect about 2.5% of SAP's global workforce.
The calculation of the carbon emissions is based on factors for conversion and extrapolation, provided by IEA, US EPA, UK DEFRA, Environment Canada, and GHG Protocol.
Besides gas and oil, we also use wood pellets to produce thermal heat for our buildings in our headquarters in Walldorf.
In Germany, business trips by train are considered carbon neutral as they are compensated with 100% green electricity by Deutsche Bahn.
Based on the experience of the COVID 19 pandemic, SAP introduced a flexible, hybrid working model (Pledge to Flex) to empower SAP’s employees to choose when and where to work.
In total, SAP donated more than €4.2 million to support Ukraine in cooperation with organizations such as UNICEF, UNHCR, and the German Red Cross.
SAP extended its partnership with UNICEF through Generation Unlimited (GenU), focusing on employability. The partnership also supports SAP Educate to Employ, a new program educating youth in need on soft skills, foundational knowledge, and SAP skills to enable a pathway to a successful career in the SAP ecosystem.
Together with partners, we launched the TRANSFORM Support Hub offering virtual pro bono consulting opportunities worldwide, connecting SAP employees to social enterprises.
Christian Klein, CEO, SAP SE.
Against other German brands, the SAP brand ranks third behind Mercedes Benz and BMW, and third globally against other brands in the business services sector.
Kantar BrandZ recognized SAP as the world’s 31st most valuable brand in its 2022 Most Valuable Global Brands ranking (2021: 26th).
Interbrand determined our brand value to be US$31 billion, an increase of 3% compared to the previous year (2021: US$30 billion).
SAP SE is the parent company of the SAP Group.
In March 2022, SAP acquired a majority stake of Taulia, a leading provider of working capital management solutions.
We expect Taulia to further expand SAP’s business network and to strengthen our cloud solution portfolio for the CFO office. 
Taulia’s solutions are integrated into SAP’s portfolio as well as continuing to be available as standalone solutions. 
Taulia operates as a separate business segment with its own brand within the SAP Group.
On August 17, 2022, SAP and Francisco Partners (FP) announced that FP had signed a definitive agreement with SAP America, Inc. under which FP would acquire SAP Litmos from SAP.
On January 26, 2023, SAP announced that in line with the strategic initiative to streamline its portfolio, SAP has decided to explore a sale of its stake in Qualtrics.
In addition to our investments in organic growth and acquisitions, SAP also supports entrepreneurs that aspire to build industry leading businesses through venture capital funds managed by Sapphire Ventures. 
Sapphire Ventures manages more than US$10 billion (over €9 billion) and has invested in more than 200 companies.
In addition, SAP and Apple have expanded their partnership and released a new suite of iOS apps designed to streamline the digital supply chain and equip workers with intuitive tools.
This power is subject to the proviso that the shares repurchased, together with any shares that were previously acquired and are still held by SAP in treasury and any other shares controlled by SAP, must not in total exceed 10% of SAP’s share capital.
Sartorius is an internationally leading partner to the biopharmaceutical industry.
The pandemic is a challenge facing society as a whole; at the same time, it highlights how Sartorius directly contributes to the goal of “healthy lives and well-being for all at all ages:” with its products and process knowledge, Sartorius is involved in many of the worldwide vaccine projects to combat coronavirus.
We define stakeholders as those persons, companies, institutions and interest groups that are able to influence the success of the Sartorius Group or are affected by the actions of our company.
In the reporting year, Sartorius strengthened its dialog with its own staff with two major surveys involving employees.
Sartorius has its performance with respect to its environmental, social and governance-related business practices gauged by means of various sustainability analyses and ratings. In the EcoVadis Rating, Sartorius achieved silver level and, with this score, positioned itself among the best 17 percent of the companies assessed.
Sartorius was given an A in the MSCI Sustainability Rating. Sartorius was also given a CDP score of B–.
Sartorius defined non-financial indicators that enable assessment of the impact of its business activities on stakeholders, the environment and society.
Orientation for the non-financial Group statement is provided by the reporting framework developed by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) – the Sustainability Reporting Standards – so that we can ensure transparency and comparability.
This non-financial Group statement was audited by KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft in the form of an audit with limited assurance.
The submission of this non-financial Group statement releases our subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. from the obligation of creating its own non-financial statement.
We conducted comprehensive materiality analyses in 2017 and 2018 to determine the material topics for the business activities of the Sartorius Group.
This is why, when Sartorius is choosing partners and suppliers, it pays particular attention that statutory and ethical rules are complied with.
Developed by the European Commission, the European Green Deal seeks to facilitate the transition to a competitive, resource-efficient and climate-neutral European economy.
On the basis of relief granted by the EU, the first step is to identify taxonomy-eligible economic activities for these objectives and then report on the shares of total revenue and capital/operating expenditure accounted for by these activities.
With the regulation as it stands, no revenue-relevant economic activities were classified for Sartorius and no taxonomy-eligible revenue was identified.
The FAQ published by the EU Commission on February 2, 2022 on the interpretation of certain legal provisions of the delegated act on disclosure requirements under article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation is not taken into account in this non-financial group statement due to its short-term nature.
The United Nations developed 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
To determine which SDGs are related to Sartorius’ business activities, we also conducted a comprehensive materiality analysis in 2018.
A partnership between Sartorius and RoosterBio – a provider of cell banks, media and bioprocess systems – aims to combine technologies and tools in a way that facilitates the faster, more effective and more costefficient development of stem cells and therapies.
In tandem with BRAIN Biotech AG, headquartered in Germany, Sartorius is researching and adapting the pioneering CRISPR–Cas genome editing nuclease for specific applications in life sciences.
Sartorius has entered into a partnership with McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada, with the aim of improving the production process for antibody- and virus-based treatments for illnesses such as COVID-19, cancer and genetic disorders.
Sartorius supports the Penn State University, where it is helping the Sartorius Cell Culture Facility become a reality.
As the twelfth core facility of the Huck Institutes of the Life Sciences, this laboratory is part of a collaborative biotechnology ecosystem.
In partnership with the French 3D Innovation Lab program, a technology platform for innovations in bioscience and health care, the Université de Lyon and Sartorius will set up a shared 3D bioprinting laboratory.
In order to develop more precise AI models, Sartorius has instigated the “Cell Instance Segmentation Challenge” on Kaggle, the world’s largest online community for data scientists and machine learning experts.
In our partnership with NVIDIA, a pioneer in accelerated graphics systems and artificial intelligence (AI), we aim to enable the industrial metaverse and increase the use of AI-driven digital twin technology.
Furthermore, we support the goal of achieving a carbon-neutral Europe by 2050 – announced as part of the European Green Deal – through a variety of commitments, including our active memberships in the European Alliance to Save Energy.
In addition, Siemens is a member of numerous business associations and similar organizations, some of which advocate for their members’ interests in the political arena.
Selected examples of the most important memberships in our three core markets (the European Union, the United States of America, and China) are: the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the VDMA (Verband Deutscher Maschinen- und Anlagenbau e.V.), the German Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers’ Association (ZVEI), the European Round Table for Industry (ERT), the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the European Chamber of Commerce in China (EUCCC).
We also work closely with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), the United Nations, the European Union, and the World Economic Forum (WEF).
We are involved in various initiatives of the WEF, such as the Partnering Against Corruption Initiative (PACI) and the WEF CEO Climate Leaders Coalition.
Furthermore, we have joined the World Bank’s Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC), and we advocate for the global introduction of carbon pricing.
We are additionally committed to the UNGC Women’s Empowerment Principles and have signed the Diversity Charter, an initiative by the German government.
For years, we have supported One Young World (OYW), a non-profit organization that champions young business leaders around the globe in order to build a better world with more responsible, more effective leadership.
At the 2021 OYW Summit in Munich, we celebrated ten years of our CEO’s’ involvement with the organization and we supported this event again in 2022, when it was held in Manchester, by sending more than 40 of our colleagues to attend.
A team of experts from various disciplines and regions carefully reviewed the projects, presented them to the Siemens Steering Committee for approval, and then introduced them to the World Bank for what is known as the “non-veto” process and to the European Investment Bank for information.
The Siemens Integrity Initiative constitutes one element of a 2009 settlement between Siemens and the World Bank and another 2013 settlement between Siemens and the European Investment Bank (EIB).
Through sponsorships and strategic partnerships, we are also involved in other formats and initiatives such as the Diversity Charter initiative.
In addition, we actively support the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the Anti-Bribery Convention of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
These standards include the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
We report our greenhouse gas emissions on the basis of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol corporate standard published by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD).
The necessary analytic process begins with an assessment of our environmentally relevant locations using the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas from the World Resources Institute (WRI).
Through its educational institution Siemens Professional Education (SPE) Siemens is one of the largest companies in Germany for secondary school graduates.
Our audit firm applies the national legal requirements and professional pronouncements, in particular the BS WP/vBP in the exercise of their Profession and the IDW Standard on Quality Management issued by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (IDW): Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QS 1), and accordingly maintains a comprehensive quality management system that includes documented policies and procedures with regard to compliance with professional ethical requirements, professional standards as well as relevant statutory and other legal requirements.
In fiscal 2022, Siemens PLC in the UK, for example, began to systematically identify the climate-relevant opportunities and risks in their region and markets and assess the risks’ financial implications.
That is because transactions with Siemens could be misused to gain undue advantages for the business partner, or for Siemens.
This commitment is reflected in our DEGREE framework, a 360 degree view of Siemens’ ESG priorities.
With SIMATIC, Siemens made an important contribution to the development of industrial automation beginning in the 1960s.
78% of employees in Germany are covered by collective agreements.
Siemens is also represented in the European Business and Human Rights Peer Learning Group of the UN Global Compact Network.
Jason Bordoff: I think we will never forgive ourselves if we look back on this moment of crisis and feel like we missed an opportunity to now take the urgency and imperative of energy security.
Christian Bruch: Right, there are all the good reasons to build up renewables more quickly, to strengthen the grid and really bring energy security and sustainability closer together.
The integration of European power markets has taken a major step forward with the installation of a new 1000-megawatt HVDC power transmission system between the United Kingdom and France.
Using Siemens Energy’s innovative design and technology, a 51-kilometer-long direct current cable was installed inside the Channel Tunnel that connects converter stations in Peuplingues in France and Cheriton in the UK.
We partner closely with government think tanks, for example in China, where Siemens Energy collaborates with the State Power Investment Corporation (SPIC), one of the world’s leading power generation companies with the largest installed capacity of solar power.
In China, Siemens Energy has teamed up with the State Power Investment Corporation (SPIC), the world’s largest solar power generation company and one of the largest energy companies in China, to study policy trends and the low-carbon development of counties across the nation. 
The research was published in a white paper and released by Siemens Energy CEO Christian Bruch and SPIC Chairman Qian Zhimin in late 2022 to coincide with the 50th anniversary of German-Chinese diplomatic relations.
As part of our partnership with the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), Siemens Energy is participating in a workstream that focuses on the assessment of energy healthcare facilities in Burkina Faso. 
In September 2022, the new IRENA Decarbonization Alliance was announced that aims to facilitate dialogue on decarbonization.
We are, for example, working together with the Technical University of Berlin on the H2Mare flagship project.
Furthermore, since 2020, our GP Siemens Energy Ventures (SEV) team has been focused on building, piloting and investing in ventures with potential to shape the sustainable, affordable and reliable future of energy.
The focus countries are Denmark, Spain, Germany, the UK, France, Norway, the Netherlands and India.
The Offshore Wind innovation eXchange (OWiX) is an accelerator scheme in the UK that runs competitions to connect solution providers with industry.
For the field “digitalized logistics”, a port site logistics challenge was launched by SGRE within OWiX that ultimately resulted in an ongoing cooperation with UBISENSE that started in 2021.
By utilizing the OWiX challenge, SGRE gets fast access to new ideas in the marketplace, as companies are invited to submit their solutions.
Cooperating with startups also addresses global sustainability goals, such as SDG 12 “Responsible consumption and production”, while giving entrepreneurs access to large corporations like SGRE.
The answer, say Dominique Rouge and Stefano Innocenzi, lies in new partnerships.
Siemens Energy has strength in manufacturing, industrial capabilities and technology. 
Air Liquide has strong experience in electrolyzer operations.
In addition to our RMI membership and strategic partnership with the European Partnership for Responsible Minerals, we also became a member of the Copper Mark at the end of 2021.
Held in Dubai in May, the award honored Siemens Energy’s work in conducting anti-corruption training with officials from the Ministry of Electricity in Iraq in June 2021 (see Siemens Energy Sustainability Report 2021).
In cooperation with our partner, Catalyst, one pilot MARC (Men Advocating Real Change) session was completed for our executive team in Europe to encourage male leaders to become better allies for women in the workplace.
In the Technical Master Trainer program in cooperation with IHK Ostbrandenburg, the academy has trained and certified 16 technical master trainers.
Concept, editing, and layout in cooperation with: Accenture GmbH, Kronberg im Taunus.
The project was carried out in cooperation with the State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC), the world's largest power grid company, which serves more than 1.1 billion people and supplies 88% of China's electricity.
In February 2022, Siemens Healthineers and the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) announced a partnership to help strengthen fragile health systems in sub-Saharan Africa by improving access to diagnostics and treatment.
The initial focus will be on selected sub-Saharan African countries, starting in Ghana and Côte d’Ivoire.
In partnership with Dr. Marcos Menezes, Dr. Maria Teresa Natel, and the nonprofit organization “Xingu Mais Catu”, Siemens Healthineers began a pilot project in July 2021 to provide diagnostic services for gynecology and primary care to Brazil’s indigenous communities.
This initiative supports the creation of a command center at INRAD (Instituto de Radiología Sao Paulo) using 5G technology.
The command center will allow these types of services to be replicated in other regions of Brazil and other Latin American countries, such as Peru, with the aim of remotely detecting breast cancer in collaboration with the City Cancer Challenge organization.
In October 2021, Stroke International Services (SIS) and Siemens Healthineers entered into an eight-year Value Partnership to advance stroke management in Vietnam.
SIS is the first fully dedicated stroke network in Mekong Delta, and as such, improves access to highquality stroke care for the area's 17 million inhabitants.
With advanced technology and workforce education solutions from Siemens Healthineers, SIS aims to increase stroke treatment standards in the region.
SIS will also expand its health services by establishing new facilities in Ho Chi Minh and Quang Nam provinces.
United States Free MAMMOMAT mammograms in Philadelphia with Penn Medicine.
We formed a Value Partnership with Hospital do Espírito Santo de Évora (HESE), which is located in rural Alentejo, Portugal.
Now HESE offers fast access to high-quality cardiovascular care in Alentejo and is becoming a reference hospital for cardiovascular interventions and remote care management solutions in Portugal.
As part of the Value Partnership, SHS collaborated with the University of Évora to promote research into the challenges of serving an ageing population. 
In 2021, Siemens Healthineers Morocco, GIZ, and the Charité university hospital in Berlin, Germany, cofounded the iSTARC partnership.
The project builds on a wellestablished partnership between Charité and Mohammed VI University Hospital in Casablanca, Morocco, and has been extended to include its first sub-Saharan partner in Bamako, Mali.
Through Varian, Siemens Healthineers has partnered with C/Can and is part of a coalition to develop healthcare for cancer.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Access to Care Cape Town radiotherapy training program—a collaboration between Varian Medical Systems, the University of Cape Town, and the Cape Peninsula University of Technology—virtualized its training platform in 2020 so that teaching and training could continue during the pandemic.
Further courses were added to the program through collaborations with the training partners Planning for Africa (United Arab Emirates) and RadiQa Developments (Switzerland), and its reach expanded beyond Africa to include teams from Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates.
Siemens Healthineers and Alameda Healthcare, Egypt’s leading private healthcare group, signed a memorandum of understanding to increase and advance access to quality care by optimizing operations, expanding capabilities, and advancing innovation.
The partnership will bolster healthcare in four hospitals in the Alameda portfolio, including As-Salam International Hospital’s sites in Maadi and New Cairo.
The collaboration also focuses on upgrading equipment and has already enabled Alameda Healthcare to upgrade three of its cath labs.
As part of the DeveloPPP program, the German Embassy in Addis Ababa, GIZ, and Siemens Healthineers donated ten NX2 ultrasound devices to the Federal Ministry of Health of Ethiopia to help the Ethiopian healthcare system further mitigate the repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Kenyatta University is at the forefront of teaching, research, and building expertise in biomedical engineering. 
In collaboration with GIZ, Fachhochschule Aachen University of Applied Sciences, and five other corporate partners, we established a complete biomedical engineering laboratory at Kenyatta University in 2022.
The HEAL project is an initiative launched by the Rotary Club of Mettupalayam and by Kovai Medical Center and Hospital, both located in Tamil Nadu, India.
An additional index at the beginning of the Sustainability Record also refers to the reporting requirements covered by the Sustainability and Accounting Standards Board (SASB).
Initiated by the World Economic Forum, the network consists of business leaders committed to accelerating the transition to a low-carbon and resilient economy.
The CEO of Symrise has been part of the initiative since 2020.
The alliance promotes the voluntary compensation of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and is led by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ).
The campaign was launched by the UN Global Compact and the Science Based Targets Initiative, among others, to further promote the adoption of ambitious climate protection targets.
RE100 Initiative: The initiative advocates that companies source 100 % of their electricity from renewable sources by 2050.
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO): We have used only palm and palm kernel oils from 100 % RSPO “Mass Balance” certified sources since 2016.
Sustainable Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform: The SAI Platform brings together companies committed to sustainable and resilient agriculture and strong supply chains.
Sustainable Spices Initiative (SSI): Both for Symrise and the SSI, the focus is on the responsible sourcing and cultivation of raw materials.
Sustainable Vanilla Initiative: Symrise is a founding member of the Sustainable Vanilla Initiative, which is committed to a longterm stable supply of high-quality natural vanilla produced in a socially, ecologically and economically sustainable manner.
The French Business Climate Pledge: The initiative is based on the belief that large companies have a responsibility and play a role in meeting the Paris Climate Agreement.
Together with Nature: Symrise is committed to the four principles for nature-based solutions of Together with Nature, an association of stakeholders from science, nature conservation, development and business.
Union for Ethical Biotrade (UEBT): As part of our membership, we are committed to ethical sourcing of our natural raw materials.
UN Race to Zero & Exponential Roadmap Initiative: The Exponential Roadmap Initiative is the entry point to join the UN’s global campaign, Race to Zero.
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD): Symrise has been a member of the corporate initiative since 2017, which works on the transformation toward a climate-friendly, nature-compatible and fairer economy. 
The WBCSD has launched numerous projects in recent years - Symrise is also involved in some of them.
10x20x30 Food Loss and Waste Initiative: As part of the initiative, ten of the world’s largest food retailers and suppliers joined together with 20 of their key suppliers each to reduce food losses in the supply chain by 2030.
In October 2021, the United Nations Human Rights Council recognized access to a clean and healthy environment as a fundamental human right.
In 2020, Symrise joined other companies and organizations in speaking out in favor of a German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act as part of the Initiative for Sustainable Agricultural Supply Chains (INA).
This occurs, for instance, through our involvement with associations like the International Fragrance Association (IFRA), the International Organization of the Flavor Industry (IOFI), the European Federation of Cosmetic Ingredients (EFfCI) and the Research Institute for Fragrance Materials (RIFM).
Symrise is also a member of two organizations that promote alternatives to animal testing: the European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to Animal Testing (EPAA) and the Animal-Free Safety Assessment Collaboration (AFSA).
We not only maintain a regular exchange of information with nongovernmental organizations but have also entered into strategic partnerships, such as the GIZ Rainforest Alliance, UEBT, on specific topics, such as biodiversity, in order to generate sustainable value for society and the environment.
Symrise is a member of the Sustainable Spices Initiative (SSI), the Union for Ethical Biotrade (UEBT), the Sustainable Agricultural Initiative (SAI) Platform and the Alliance for Development and Climate. 
As a founding member, Symrise was also involved in the creation of the Sustainable Vanilla Initiative and the One Planet for Biodiversity Initiative, in cooperation with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), among others. 
We are active in the WBCSD’s Nature Action initiative and are committed to the principles of the Network for Nature multi-stakeholder initiative.
Another focus was the “Mobility as a Service” (MaaS) project, which was jointly carried out by the WBCSD and the International Transport Forum (ITF) and was completed in the reporting year.
Through MOIA, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles is a member of the MaaS Alliance, which is a public-private partnership organization that has set itself the objective of creating an open platform or implementing MaaS projects.
Our Group currently maintains partnerships with a large number of towns and cities, including Hamburg, Hanover, Dresden and Wolfsburg in Germany and cities such as Prague and Barcelona internationally.
As a member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) for many years, we seek dialog with other companies contributing to the transformation and with stakeholders in order to identify our own scope for action.
European Impact Hero was embedded in the European Social Economy Summit (EUSES) jointly organized by the European Commission and the City of Mannheim.
The conference is organized by the European Commission every six years with the aim of strengthening the social economy in Europe and spelling out its contribution to economic development, social inclusion and environmental transformation.
At the Autostadt Wolfsburg, the two cooperation partners also expanded the digital training options in the reporting year.
The Volkswagen Group donated €1 million in emergency aid in the areas affected by flooding in North Rhine Westphalia and Rhineland Palatinate in Germany in 2021.
The funds were given to the German Red Cross, which organized the aid locally with around 3,500 emergency personnel.
Dr. Ing. h. c. F. Porsche AG also provided donations of € 1 million for flood victims in “Aktion Deutschland Hilft”, plus a donation of € 500,000 for the German Red Cross’s international flood assistance in Belgium, Austria and the Netherlands.
AUDI AG employees donated more than € 400,000 for the benefit of flood victims, and AUDI AG topped this sum up to € 800,000 following a decision by the Board of Management.
In the reporting period, Volkswagen AG made donations amounting to € 31.2 million.
Volkswagen also owns a stake in Swedish battery company Northvolt AB, which is going to build a factory for the production of lithium ion batteries that should start production in 2024.
We supported our partner with US$ 620 million in a financing round to expand capacity in the areas of production, recycling, and research and development in the Northvolt Ett gigafactory in Skellefteå in northern Sweden.
In order to set up fast charging infrastructure, Volkswagen founded the joint venture IONITY with other OEMs.
In Italy, Volkswagen wants to collaborate with Enel to expand the fast charging network both along freeways and in urban areas.
Nine production sites are already operated on a carbon-neutral basis, including compensation measures: Brussels and Győr (Audi), Zwickau and Dresden (Volkswagen), Zuffenhausen and Leipzig (Porsche), Crewe (Bentley Motors), Vrchlabí (ŠKODA) and Santa Agata (Lamborghini).
In order to achieve the climate targets and contribute to the decarbonization of the Group, Volkswagen Group Logistics is working together with colleagues from Brand Logistics in the goTOzero Impact Logistics initiative.
The measures the Volkswagen Group has taken to achieve carbonneutral logistics going forward include moving shipments from road to rail and the complete avoidance of CO₂ through the use of green electricity on electric railroad lines in Germany in collaboration with Deutsche Bahn AG.
After the first two LNG car carriers entered service in 2020, Volkswagen Group Logistics is going to use four more ships with dual fuel engines that can be powered with liquid gas from the end of 2023 and run using renewably generated fuels in the future.
For the acceleration of previous efforts on the way to decarbonization, the Group has signed a memorandum of understanding for the development of relevant projects to permanently remove CO₂ from the atmosphere with its Icelandic project partner Carbfix, which turns CO₂ into natural stone through mineralization in a certified process.
Oliver Blume, member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG, “Sport & Luxury“ brand group, and Dr. Manfred Döss, member of the Board of Management responsible for Integrity and Legal Affairs, are responsible for Group Initiative 6 as the Board tandem.
Audi and the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) have therefore set up a pilot project for chemical recycling as part of the Industrial Resource Strategies THINKTANK in order to feed such mixed plastic fractions back into a resource-conserving circular system.
In addition to Volkswagen, the Öko-Institut, the chemical company BASF, processing specialist SICON, and the Clausthal University of Technology are also involved in the project, which is supported by the Federal Ministry of Research.
In collaboration with the Technical University of Liberec, ŠKODA has developed a sustainable, ecological material made from sugar beet pulp, which is used in dyed form in the interior of vehicles to create certain design accents.
BUWOG in Austria becomes partner in “klimaaktiv Pakt2030” with the goal of reducing emissions by 55% by 2030 against the base year of 2005.
The Austrian government is going even further, and wants to be climate neutral by 2040.
With a portfolio of 413,967 residential units (excl. Deutsche Wohnen) in Germany, Austria and Sweden and its involvement in a number of wide-ranging development activities, Vonovia has a significant role to play in protecting our environment and mitigating climate change.
At the start of 2021, Vonovia entered into a development partnership with GLS Bank, the advisory company d-fine, and the climate metrics provider right.based on science, with the goal of developing an IT system to analyze the climate impact of residential property and portfolios.
Dr. Lars Dittmann, Climate-neutral Portfolio department head.
As part of our quest to achieve a virtually climate-neutral housing stock in 2045, Vonovia is aiming to have reduced the carbon intensity of its housing stock in Germany to below 25 kg CO₂e/m2 by 2030.
The Energiesprong principle is currently being piloted at 24 units in Bochum and is also to be rolled out further within the portfolio at a future stage.
At the end of 2021, in cooperation with the Fischbach Group, the company launched the first carbon-neutral refurbishment in series construction in Bochum-Mitte in line with the Energiesprong principle, which is still in its infancy.
One of these is the interdisciplinary research project BaltBest headed up by the EBZ Business School.
We took part in a number of events held by Initiative Wohnen.2050 (IW.2050) in 2021, of which we are a founding member.
In Austria, BUWOG has been a partner of the “klimaaktiv pakt” climate protection initiative launched by the Austrian Federal Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology since 2011.
We opened the Power House of the Future project in April 2021 in Bochum-Weitmar with the aim of researching innovative energy systems and implementing them in practice.
As part of another research project in Bochum-Weitmar, we are developing an innovation neighborhood with a focus on climate change mitigation in partnership with scientists from a number of different Fraunhofer Institutes and Ampeers Energy GmbH.
Over the course of the reporting year, we gradually expanded our partnership with Naturschutzbund Deutschland e. V. (NABU), which began in 2019.
We also organized a coronavirus-safe walk through the neighborhood in partnership with NABU so that the tenants of our pilot neighborhood in Bochum-Weitmar would have a chance to learn about our commitment to protecting biodiversity when we develop residential environments.
An ecological nature trail is being created around Vonovia’s headquarters, which will inform employees and visitors about the eco-friendly measures we are implementing in our residential environments.
We launched a partnership with the non-profit organization Acker e. V. (previously known as Ackerdemia e. V.) in 2020.
On March 23, 2022, we organized a conference in partnership with the Fraunhofer Alliance on “A look at the future of construction” at the Berlin Design Offices.
In early 2021, we took our next step forward in this area by becoming a partner of Madaster, an initiative developing a global registry of materials.
Sebastian Jung, Managing Director – East, Vonovia.
The program was designed by the Human Resources department in partnership with the European Training Center for the Housing and Real Estate Industry (EBZ) in Bochum.
In order to further spearhead research in the field of community development and living, Vonovia sponsors a foundation professorship – held by Prof. Dr. Jan Üblacker – at the EBZ Business School University of Applied Sciences in Bochum, thereby firmly embedding the neighborhood perspective in the education of EBZ students.
Jorunn Rådberg – Our goal is to offer our tenants safe and comfortable homes in which they can build their lives.
The funding instruments are supplemented by our foundation work, primarily within the framework of the Vonovia Stiftung (Vonovia foundation), the Vonovia Mieterstifung e. V. and “Stiftung Mensch und Wohnen”.
In the coming years, we will be sponsoring Silbernetz e. V., who offer a nationwide telephone hotline to combat loneliness in old age.
In one initiative this year, we launched a pilot project to test trucks using liquified natural gas (LNG) with our long-term partner DHL. 
Closer to home, we this year launched a collaboration with Land Life Company to reforest 350 hectares, or about 500 soccer fields, of degraded land in Spain and financed the planting of more than 300,000 trees.
In our private label production countries of China, Bangladesh, Turkey, India and Ukraine, we have started transitioning to 100% recycled polybags.
The Better Cotton Initiative is a multi-stakeholder governance group of which we continue to be a member and that promotes better standards in cotton farming and practices across 21 countries.
We continue to support BCI on their journey towards greater transparency and will be collaborating with them to help create a fit-for-purpose physically traceable solution for the better cotton supply chain.
We are working with the Sustainable Apparel Coalition and their technology partner Higg to implement the Higg Index Transparency Program, which we aim to launch in 2022–2023 to help customers compare product environmental impacts.
Anna Field, Even&Odd, Friboo, Pier One, Yourturn, ZIGN.
We collaborated with New York-based innovator EON to add digital product passports, linking customers to product and circularity information through a QR code stitched into the label.
In 2021, we developed circular design criteria based on circular.fashion’s criteria framework and in line with the EU Sustainable Products Initiative as well as Ellen MacArthur Foundation’s circular design principles.
To translate these learnings into our operations, we offered training conducted by circular.fashion to over 200 colleagues including our private label designers and buyers, so that they can create collections that are circular by design.
We collaborated with New York-based innovator EON to add digital product passports, linking customers to product and circularity information through a QR code stitched into the label.
When customers sell items to Zalando, they are offered credit in the form of either a non-expiring Zalando gift card or a donation to the Red Cross or WeForest.
That is why we are excited to be part of the Sorting For Circularity Project with our partner Fashion for Good, which plans to launch an open source platform to support post-use circularity.
Ambercycle is a Los Angeles-based company that has created a technology to recycle textile waste into a new fiber called cycora.
We have also invested in Finland-based Infinited Fiber Company, which has created Infinna™, a regenerated, premium fiber.
We also plan to provide feedstock and use Infinna™ fiber in our private label production.
In 2021, we worked with our partners Shimmy Technologies and BSR’s HERproject™ to develop an innovative upskilling program in a supplier factory in Bangladesh.
Zalando supported the recovery effort through our longterm partner the German Red Cross.
We supported their efforts with a donation to our long-term partner WeForest and GSJ-Berlin, a local social organization focused on sport activities for disadvantaged young people.
We also initiated an exciting partnership with SOS Children’s Villages worldwide, aiming to encourage creativity and innovative thinking in the leaders of the future by providing access to ICT infrastructure and digital training opportunities.
The report presented below is the combined non-financial report for ZALANDO SE and the Zalando group in accordance with Section 289b (1) and (3) in conjunction with Section 315b (1) and (3) HGB (German Commercial Code) and Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
In 2020, we joined the RE100 initiative and achieved our target of supplying all our own offices, fulfillment centers and outlet stores with 100% renewable electricity.
These are verified emission reductions (VERs) from Gold Standard certified reforestation projects in Ethiopia, Uganda, Panama, Colombia and a Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) certified project in Indonesia.
We have partnered with Save Your Wardrobe, a London-based tech company, to support in developing the digitally-enabled booking journey, to identify high quality service providers and to manage customer support.
For the Closing the Loop stage, we have partnered with Fashion for Good to scale an open-source platform for textile waste management.