Since 2015, adidas has partnered with the environmental organization 'Parley for the Oceans' and uses 'Parley Ocean Plastic' as a replacement for virgin polyester. 
Parley Ocean Plastic is plastic waste collected from remote islands, beaches, coastal communities, and shorelines, preventing it from polluting the oceans. 
In 2021, we continued to roll out Parley Ocean Plastic in key categories, both in 'Performance' and 'Lifestyle' products across footwear, apparel, and accessories and gear. 
In 2022, we produced close to 27 million pairs of shoes containing Parley Ocean Plastic.
In 2022, adidas collaborated with innovative material startups such as Infinited Fiber Company, Spinnova, and Pond to develop materials from natural resources that we can use in our products. 
In the fall, we successfully launched a small apparel collection made with at least 60% fibers from recycled cotton waste and 40% organic cotton in partnership with Infinited Fiber Company and the EU-funded New Cotton project. 
This three-year project aims to collect, sort and regenerate textile waste into a new man-made cellulosic fiber that looks and feels like cotton, based on Infinited Fiber Company's textile fiber regeneration technology.
adidas is a co-founder of 'The Microfibre Consortium' ('TMC'), which has developed a test method for assessing fiber release and in future aims to advise the textile industry on mitigating the impact of fiber fragmentation.
In our Munich Terrex store, we launched a repair service, and in several flagship stores such as Berlin, London, Dubai, or Shenzen we are offering sneaker cleaning services.
Using scientifically validated frameworks we identified actions to be taken across our entire value chain activities related to the five drivers of nature change as identified by the Science Based Targets Network ('SBTN').
Since the military coup in Myanmar in February 2021, adidas has closely monitored the situation in the country and expressed concern about reports of violence, severe human rights, and labor rights risks for workers, and the fragile state of social and economic stability in the country.
To implement responsible recruitment practices in the supply chain, adidas has continued its partnership with the International Organization for Migration ('IOM') through its 'Corporate Responsibility in Eliminating Slavery and Trafficking' ('CREST') initiative.
In 2022, we completed wage data collection21 among our strategic suppliers in Cambodia, Indonesia, and Vietnam, representing 62% of all strategic suppliers.
In addition, we continued to support the evolution of the FLA's data collection tools by participating in the FLA's Fair Compensation Practitioners Working Group.
Against the backdrop of the Reebok divestiture, our primary focus in 2022 was on maintaining partnerships with our existing manufacturing partners rather than onboarding new ones.
In 2022, in addition to our own audits, we continued to use 'Social and Labor Convergence Program' (SLCP) assessments.
The FLA has assessed the supply chain of its member brands by utilizing a variety of monitoring models.
This resulted in adidas receiving four 'Sustainable Compliance Initiative' ('SCI') Assessments from the FLA in 2022.
In addition, in 2022, the Compliance team strengthened its relationship with the Employee Relations (ER) organization, a key partner in many compliance matters, especially those related to harassment and discrimination.
October 2022, adidas terminated the Yeezy partnership with immediate effect, discontinued the distribution of Yeezy brand products, and stopped all payments to Ye and his companies.
The organization 'Parley for the Oceans' works with its partners to collect, sort and transport the recovered raw material (mainly PET bottles) to our supplier who produces the yarn, which is legally trademarked.
Furthermore, the Executive Board reported on the conclusion of a new, long-term strategic partnership with Foot Locker Inc.
We are enhancing our innovative collaboration with both our established partners such as BASF and Carbon, while simultaneously seeking out new partnership opportunities with brands sharing our sustainability mission, such as Infinited Fiber Company.
The adidas by Stella McCartney garment, launched in 2022, is the latest milestone demonstrating the successful implementation of the entire value chain to produce a commercial end-of-life garment.
These initiatives included the on-site solar renewable energy projects in Herzogenaurach,Bogota, Caspe, and Stockport.