By supplying EU and NATO member states with advanced military equipment,it strengthens their diplomatic influence and credibility on the global stage - and in turn that of international institutions such as the UN and NATO, thereby contributing to SDG 16 - Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions.
As a major European defence manufacturer, the Company also has significant economic impact across Europe.
According to the AeroSpace and Defence Industries Association of Europe (ASD)the industry supports over 462,000 high-skilled jobs across the continent, all contributing to Europe's economic prosperity with € 119 billion in annual revenue, € 45.6 billion of which are dedicated to exports.
Full aerospace ecosystems, often bringing together academia, research centers and corporations, all with high value-added jobs, often develop around the Company's sites such as those in Toulouse or Hamburg.
In this approach, Airbus Scale will promote and identify internal corporate innovation opportunities that can be developed into solutions for the external world, bringing them to market and attracting external investments that could result in spin-offs.
Currently, less than 0.1% of global dedicated hydrogen production comes from water electrolysis according to the International Energy Agency (IEA)'s 2019 report The Future of Hydrogen.
These commitments are in close connection with the UN SDGs and contribute more specifically to eight of them.
In the same timeframe, the share of renewable electricity used in industrial operations in Europe will also progressively increase, starting with an increase of 10% of guarantee of origin (GoO) certificates per year and the incorporation of long-term power purchase agreements (PPAs).
The Company is investigating opportunities in other regions (eg. US, China) to follow the approach applied to Europe.
The volume of offsets required in 2021 is about 40ktCO2e, procured through offset producer South Pole in the form of a cluster of compensation and removal projects.
Light pollution caused by Airbus activities has been deemed to be non-material to the Company's value chain.
In 2008, the aviation sector was the first to agree at sectoral level on ambitious CO2 emission reduction goals through the Air Transport Action Group ('ATAG') by committing to an aspirational goal of reducing net emissions from aviation by 50% by 2050 compared to 2005 levels.
Along with the revised ambition, ATAG provided several scenarios with ranges of improvement for each mitigation option (technology and design improvements, operational and ATM enhancements, SAF and hydrogen non-drop-in solutions, and International Civil Aviation Organisation's ('ICAO') Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme).
The organisation is called Environment, Health and Safety (EHS).
The Head of EHS reports to the Chief Human Resources Officer, and is supported by local EHS business partners.
There are also regional EHS business partners in China, North America and APAC.
The EHS organisation is responsible for the health and safety management system and
for the operational application of the corporate environment and sustainability management system in the entities.
In addition, an update of the human rights roadmap was also presented to key internal stakeholder groups including the Societas Europaea Works Council ('SE-WC') and the European Committee for Airbus Defence and Space ('ECADS') comprising social partners from across the Company's European sites.
The negotiations about the creation of the aerostructures company and its impact on the detail parts activities is continuing with our social partners at company level in Germany, as well as with IG-Metall as legally required by Works Constitution Act and Tariff agreements.
This project aims at creating two aerostructures companies of equivalent position and size in France and Germany (ca. 9,500 employees each) to prepare the future of fuselage aerostructures.
For employees below manager level, collective labour agreements are applied in the Company's home countries (France, Germany, UK and Spain).
In 2021, an Airbus Occupational Health and Policy Statement was signed by Guillaume Faury, Airbus CEO, to enhance and reinforce the Policy principles.
This evaluation was performed using a dedicated tool developed by the International Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG) offering a choice between two approaches: a 'spend based' approach, allocating emissions to each amount spent in specific commodities and a 'mass based' approach, allocating emissions to quantities of materials purchased.
While this method embeds a certain degree of uncertainty, considered high by the IAEG on a certain number of emissions factors used in the methodology, it provides a relevant view of the sources of GHG emissions in the Company's supply chain and enables comparison of the various Company's scopes throughout its value chain.

