Examples of partnerships include our work with the U.N.-Convened Net-Zero alliances: Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA), Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA).
We are constantly expanding the scope of targets in line with the Target Setting Protocol of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (NZAOA), of which Allianz was one of the founding organizations and holds the Chair.
For our insurance portfolio, we were one of the founding members of the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA).
We are working on the targets and methodologies within the NZIA.
Our Inclusive Meritocracy Index of 79 % for 2022 (see section 02.4) shows a high employee approval rating of Allianz's culture.
Through the Property & Casualty (P&C)-Academy accreditations which are adhering to international standards and are certified by the Chartered Insurance Institute (CII), we strengthen and support our ability to scale the global know-how and best practices for which Allianz is known.
Through our employee compensation, healthcare and other benefit programs, Allianz serves an important stabilizing role in communities.
We are working closely with our partners including the International Olympic Committee, Bayern Muenchen and the International Paralympic Committee.
On a global level, the MoveNow Training Series was launched in 2022 in partnership with the International Paralympic Committee, starting with twelve operating entities.
MoveNow leverages the long history which Allianz has on engaging children/youth and people with disabilities on physical activity, embedding educational elements. The series promotes accessible physical activity and educational elements, both in physical camps and in digital forms.
Allianz responded to Ukraine war by donating € 10 million for the humanitarian support.
According to the World Economic Forum's (WEF) Global Risk Report 2022, three of the top five global risks over the next 10 years are linked to changes in climate and the environment.
Our partnership with emerging market digital healthcare and insurance leader BIMA is a prominent example for this approach.
Founding member and strong supporter of The Linux Foundation's OS Climate (OS-C).
After having conducted global research on the impact of Allianz's partnership with the Olympic and Paralympic Movements (OPM) on our employer brand - which showed a positive influence on our employer attractiveness across target groups and countries - OPM based HR marketing assets have been developed for all entities to be used online, offline, or for on-campus activities.
Group Sustainable Operations also drives climate-focused partnerships such as our projects with Sea Shepherd and Plastic Fischer.
Road traffic accidents are the leading cause of death for youth in Kenya. 
This project aims to equip 600 youths in Kiberia - the largest slum in Nairobi - with motor riding skills, knowledge of insurance products, general road safety awareness and first aid skills for post-crash care.
In partnership with local NGOs, this program aims to enable 200,000 young people in France to gain access to mentors by the end of 2022.
Project Confidence aims to address poverty in Nigeria by empowering young people with disabilities through education and training, leveraging Allianz employees as volunteers to promote professional skills-sharing on financial, computer, sales, and customer service.
Allianz provided immediate response disaster, such as in South Africa and Pakistan.
We have joined forces with Sea Shepherd, an international marine conservation NGO that engages in direct action to conserve and protect the world's oceans from illegal exploitation and environmental destruction and recycles plastic cleaned up from oceans into products such as crates for transporting injured turtles.
Allianz SE, Allianz Technology in India and Allianz Services India have partnered with Plastic Fischer, a German start-up
focused on developing and deploying low-tech solutions to collect and remove plastic from rivers, tributaries and canals of Trivandrum, the capital of the state in Kerala, to stop it from entering the ocean.
Plastic Fischer sorts the waste and makes sure that all recyclable.