BASF holds one of the top three market positions in around 80% of the business areas in which it is active. Our most important global competitors include Arkema, Bayer, Clariant, Corteva, Covestro, Dow, Dupont, DSM, Evonik, Huntsman, Lanxess, SABIC, Sinopec, Solvay, Sumitomo Chemical, Syngenta, Wanhua and many hundreds of local and regional competitors.
The war in Ukraine has significantly changed the economic environment in Europe.
Above all, reduced gas supplies from Russia led to much higher and volatile commodity and energy prices and exceptionally high uncertainty, especially surrounding the gas supply.
BASF also reduced its consumption of natural gas in European production by switching to alternative fuels wherever technically possible and economically viable.
Against this background and given the significant decline in earnings in our European market, we have announced a cost-cutting program focusing on Europe and above all Germany.
A new world-scale production plant for alkylethanolamines will be built at the Verbund site in Antwerp, Belgium, by 2024.
In addition, the expansion of our Verbund site in Nanjing, China, operated together with Sinopec, started operation in 2022.
This includes investments to increase our production capacities and to establish innovative recycling concepts in the three key regions of Europe, North America and Asia.
At the Schwarzheide site in Germany, we started the multi-step commissioning process for a new production plant for cathode active materials at the end of 2022, as planned.
In Onoda, Japan, work to expand production capacities for cathode active materials at BASF TODA Battery Materials LLC has also been underway since the end of 2022.
As planned, we divested the kaolin minerals business to KaMin and the attapulgite business to Clariant.
BASF supplies excipients for human therapeutic drug formulation.
In 2022, we moved forward with the further expansion of the site in Nanjing, China, together with our partner Sinopec to strengthen the joint production of chemical products in China.
We are expanding the 2-ethylhexanoic acid plant in Kuantan, Malaysia, with our partner PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad.
We also cooperate with partners along the value chain and are involved in numerous networks, such as the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, the Global Battery Alliance and the Alliance to End Plastic Waste.
The Northeast Research Alliance (NORA) and the California Research Alliance (CARA) are located in the United States.
NORA focuses on materials science and biosciences, catalysis research, digitalization and cooperation with startups.
We are working on innovative components and materials for electrochemical energy storage with the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) at the Battery and Electrochemistry Laboratory (BELLA).
BasCat is a joint laboratory operated by the UniCat cluster of excellence and BASF at the Technical University of Berlin, where new heterogenous catalysis concepts are being explored together with the Fritz Haber Institute of the Max Planck Society, also based in Berlin.
The iL (Innovation Lab) in Heidelberg, Germany, focuses on functional printing, printed sensors and IoT (internet of things) applications.
Our most important partner in the U.K. is Imperial  College London with thematic clusters in chemical engineering (flow chemistry) and digitalization (crystallization, corrosion).
For example, BASF is a founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW), which is active in four focus areas: developing infrastructure for waste collection, promoting innovative recycling methods, education and engagement of various stakeholders, and cleanup of areas heavily impacted by plastic waste.
Further examples of our commitment to greater sustainability in the plastics value chain include the World Plastics Council, Operation Clean Sweep and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
Together with our partner Ebusbar we have developed a fast-charging station for electric cars made of the BASF plastics.
Wintershall Dea and several partners have initiated the BlueHyNow project on the German North Sea coast in Wilhelmshaven, which aims to produce hydrogen from natural gas.