An important role is played here by longterm contraceptives (implants, hormonal intrauterine systems) that can be found in the product catalogues of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID).
At the interface between family planning and humanitarian aid, we want to support partners with Bayer's technological, logistical and medical expertise and meet the demand for information pertaining to family planning and sexual and reproductive health.
Together with the German Red Cross (DRK) we are developing a family planning module for DRK deployments in immediate and emergency humanitarian aid and in ongoing crisis situations.
In Kenya and South Africa, for example, we partner with the organization reach52 to support people in rural communities with health education and access to everyday health solutions by training community health workers to provide healthcare using their 'offline-first' health technology platform.
In Central America, we partner with nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) to train midwives, who act as healthcare professionals in remote communities and also educate women about vaginal health.
In 2021, we launched the Nutrient Gap Initiative to enable access to essential minerals and vitamins for 50 million people a year in underserved communities by 2030 through direct interventions and in partnership with NGOs.
To support the accessibility of MMS as a key component of antenatal care, we partner with Vitamin Angels, a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving nutrition around the world.
In 2022, our partnership reached over four million underserved pregnant women and their babies across 12 priority countries, including Indonesia, Vietnam, Mexico and the United States.
Further partnerships within the scope of the Nutrient Gap Initiative have been forged with Direct Relief in the United States, the China Health Promotion Foundation, Mercy Corps in Indonesia and Un Kilo de Ayuda and Fundación Esquipulas in Mexico.
The program focuses on giving every baby the best start in life by extending access to essential prenatal vitamins for women and their babies through our partnership with Vitamin Angels.
Better Life Farming is a long-term partnership between Bayer, the International Finance Corporation (IFC, part of the World Bank), Netafim and more than 30 local public and private partners as well as NGOs.
In 2022, we increased the number of Better Life Farming centers in India, Indonesia and Bangladesh to more than 2,500 and opened the first centers in Mexico and Honduras.
We are planning further growth in the Asia/Pacific and Latin America regions and also aim to expand to Africa.
Together with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Bayer Cares Foundation funds the Digital Farmer II program of our partner Mercy Corps AgriFin.
The goal is for the program to serve up to five million farmers in Nigeria, Kenya and Ethiopia by 2025.
Bayer is committed to being a reliable partner that is aware of its societal responsibility toward the communities adjacent to our sites.
Bayer is active in several multi-stakeholder partnerships, including the Sustainable Markets Initiative (SMI) and the Agricultural Climate Markets Collaborative of the Keystone Policy Center, in which supply chain participants, nongovernmental organizations and competitors are represented.
Irrespective of whether its own products are used, Bayer has been providing financial support to The Challenge Initiative (TCI) - a family-planning program based at Johns Hopkins University and implemented by the Bill & Melinda Gates Institute for Population and Reproductive Health - since July 2020.
Since 2007, Bayer has been a member of the Reproductive Health Supplies Coalition (RHSC), a global partnership of public, private and nongovernmental organizations.
In addition, Bayer works together with the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), USAID and international NGOs to make hormonal contraceptives such as birth control pills, three-month injections, implants and coils available.
Bayer is an anchor partner of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in preclinical research pertaining to nonhormonal contraception.
For this reason, Bayer is working in partnership with the German Society for International Cooperation (GIZ)
and local health authorities in Ghana to develop a model project to establish an integrated diagnosis, treatment and continuing education concept for cardiovascular disease.
The Ghana Heart Initiative, which Bayer supports, aims to facilitate more specific drug access programs by strengthening the healthcare system.
Heidelberg University will independently evaluate the program.