The BMW Group is fundamentally committed to a technology-open approach to reduce CO2 emissions.
In individual cases, however, participation can also be based on legal requirements, as for example the memberships in the IHK Muenchen, Oberbayern and IHK Berlin. 
In addition, relationships with core automobile manufacturers' associations such as the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA) and the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association (ACEA) are also coordinated in Munich.
At an international level, the Group's interests are represented on the basis of four geographical regions: the Americas, China, Asia-Pacific and Europe / Africa / Middle East.
The Company provides information on the number of employees and the budgets it allocates to influencing European legislative processes and the areas of relevance to the BMW Group, as well as details of its memberships of associations relevant to EU policy-making. 
In addition, laws on lobbying covering the German Bundestag and the State Government of Bavaria, which provide for the establishment of public lobbying registers, have been in force since 1 January 2022.
The European Union (EU) sees itself as a global leader in achieving these climate goals. 
The governments of the United States and China have also proposed ambitious climate-protection targets.
We were the first German automaker to join the Science Based Targets Business Ambition for 1.5°C initiative.
Mining and refining of these materials is mainly located outside Europe, some of it heavily concentrated in regions with higher risk-factors.
As part of IONITY we are building charging infrastructure along major roads and urban hubs.
Additionally, private charging at work is a key enabler for electromobility. Therefore, the BMW Group in Germany, for example, as employer has established one of the largest company charging networks with over 5,000 charging points.
This will be a key instrument to make Europe the world's first climate-neutral continent by 2050.
Our significant investment in the Catena-X Automotive Network will enable us to create the necessary end-to-end value chain transparency.
With respect to CO2 emissions from new vehicles, medium- to long-term targets have already been set in Europe, North America, Japan, China and other countries.
In his role as President of ACEA, the Chairman of the Board of Management of the BMW Group, Oliver Zipse, held talks with several EU Commissioners concerning the 'Fit for 55' package.
The US Environmental Protection Agency ('EPA') regulates vehicle emission criteria, including CO2, pursuant to authority granted by the federal Clean Air Act ('CAA').
In 2019, under the Trump administration, the EPA and NHTSA adopted new regulations entitled 'The Safer Affordable Fuel-Efficient (SAFE) Vehicles Rule for Model Years 2021-2026 Passenger Cars and Light Trucks'.
In July 2019, BMW Group among three other OEMs, and the State of California announced a general agreement on a framework for the reduction of fleet emissions at levels that are more stringent than under SAFE rule part 2.
In 2020, the Biden administration instructed federal agencies to consider revising vehicle fuel economy and emissions standards.
BMW of North America continues to be in alliance with the State of California in adherence to the California Framework Agreement, which put into place significantly higher stringency levels than the Trump EPA GHG levels.
In China, the fuel efficiency of the vehicle fleet is also regulated.
The BMW Group is a full member of Manufacturer Group I (Automotive Manufacturers) within the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA), which brings together more than 650 manufacturers and suppliers in a single group.
As a VDA member, the BMW Group actively participates in the various association bodies, including its Managing Board, committees, working groups and steering committees.
BMW Group China also closely collaborates with the VDA Beijing Office as well as the ACEA Beijing Office for actively engaging in regulation exchange with policy makers.