Our commitment in terms of sustainability to environmental, social and good governance underscores our long-standing membership of the UN Global Compact (UNGC), an internationally renowned voluntary initiative to promote sustainable development and social commitment.
Brenntag is a chemical distributor which differentiates itself from its competitors through the high level of quality of its products and services as well as its strong customer focus.
The basis for quality management within the Brenntag Group is the internationally applicable ISO 9001 standard.
We pursue our sustainability approach on a global scale and work with other companies in partnerships or initiatives to promote the UN's Sustainable Development Goals or jointly introduce measures to combat climate change, for example. 
When developing our new ESG strategy, we incorporated the results of the materiality assessment along with the regulatory developments in Europe, such as the Green Deal, or the new due diligence requirements in global value chains, such as the Act on Corporate Due Diligence in Supply Chains.
Our vision entails a sustainable approach to Brenntag's future with our position as a global market leader in the responsible distribution of chemicals strengthened in the long term in line with the UN's Sustainable Development Goals.
Offsets were achieved with the support of reforestation projects such as in Glengarry Forest in Scotland.
For several years, Brenntag has voluntarily undergone a sustainability assessment by the international rating agency EcoVadis every two years.
EcoVadis evaluates the sustainability performance of companies in terms of four categories: environment, labour practices, fair business practices and sustainable procurement.
For instance, at our Brenntag sites in Veile, Kalundborg (both in Denmark) and Kalmar (Sweden), we have replaced the oil heating of storage tanks with electric heat exchangers.
As a result, two sites in California (USA) were able to reduce total energy consumption by 137,778 kWh, saving an estimated 53 tonnes of CO2 each year.
At three sites, namely in Padua (Italy), Singapore and Gurgaon (India), solar panels started to operate in 2021.
Information on the calculation of Scope 3 emissions was audited by PwC and is included in the Report Profile (page 65 and 66).
We are currently working on introducing a similar system in Quimisa and Quimilog.
In addition, as is the case at other sites in Latin America, we have introduced various measures to control water consumption, such as avoiding leaks, replacing pipes, training and conducting environmental and safety inspections.
In France, damage to a rail tank car led to spillage of approximately 300 litres of diesel.
An accident in Brazil caused the majority of the load (approximately 15 tonnes of solid and liquid products) to be released.
the USA, a leaking seal led to the spillage of approximately 23,000 litres of hydrochloric acid, around half of which was recovered.
In Scunthorpe, solvents are stored, loaded and unloaded, and prepared for further transportation.
For instance, truck drivers or warehouse workers in the Americas region can use platforms such as ‘Indeed' to apply for jobs with a one-click application.
Brenntag introduced a new three-part sales enablement programme in the Asia Pacific region based on the strategic plans.
As a recognized training company, Brenntag offers an extensive range of training positions in a forward-looking industry in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.
In Europe, for example, a central SAP-based system is used for this purpose, making it possible to implement relevant changes to European legislation in all countries at the same time and provide employees with access to them.
Expert for plant and process safety Luca Pelissero joined the QSHE team as a Global Expert AIPSM in 2021.
In North America, Brenntag has supported the work of the Chemical Educational Foundation (CEF) for many years.