Alongside the parent company, it covers in particular the material subsidiaries Commerz Real AG, mBank S.A. and Commerzbank Finance & Covered Bond S.A.
Nevertheless, this non-financial report is guided by the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) where relevant for the defined issues.
Detailed information on the sustainability work of Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft is also presented in the GRI sustainability reporting, which is available online.
This non-financial report was subject to a limited assurance engagement performed by the auditing firm KPMG in accordance with ISAE 3000 (Revised).
In 2022, major rating agencies for sustainability gave Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft ratings that were mainly above the sector average.
For example, Sustainalytics gives us a 'medium risk' rating.
Our subsidiaries also perform well in this respect: MSCI ESG rated mBank as 'A' during the year under review, while Sustainalytics assessed mBank's risk profile as 'low'. 
mBank is also listed in the WIG-ESG index of the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
Commerz Real was awarded the Scope Special Innovation Award in 2022.
For example, we were one of the first signatories of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI).
It also ensures the implementation of strategic sustainability initiatives such as the Principles for Responsible Banking of the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI).
To measure progress reliably, we use CO2 reduction targets from the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
By the end of 2022, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft had mobilised €246.5bn for sustainable financial products, out of a target of €300bn by the end of 2025.
To this end, it became the first Polish bank to join the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) in April 2022.
We therefore continue to finance arms manufacturers who produce weapons and armament systems for the Federal Republic of Germany and its allies.
mBank in Poland operates its own Reputational Risk Management department based on its commitment to the United Nations Global Compact.
At Commerzbank, we do not consider climate risks as a separate type of risk, but as a horizontal risk.
As a major financier of the German economy, we are also active in sectors that are particularly exposed to climate-related physical or transition risks.
Owing to the geographical focus of our portfolio in Germany and Europe, we are less affected by physical climate risks, such as hurricanes and rising sea levels, than other regions in the world.
In its risk assessment, including scenario analyses, Commerz Real relies on tools such as the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) and the PwC Climate Excellence Tool.
The core business of the Competence Center Energy (CoC Energy) with its sites in Hamburg and New York is the global provision of finance to wind and solar parks as well as related technology.
In 2022, in addition to financing for wind farms and solar parks in Germany, we also successfully added new projects and refinancing transactions in France, the UK, the Netherlands, Spain and the USA. 
Noteworthy projects in this category include support for the Bank's first standalone financing of a battery storage system in the USA and the portfolio financing of solar parks in Germany with an output of 315 megawatts.
Commerzbank determines its greenhouse gas emissions on the basis of the standard developed by the Association for Environmental Management and Sustainability in Financial Institutions (VfU).
Gruner + Jahr Verlag once again recognised our engagement in 2022 by naming us one of the best employers for women.