The main content of this integrated sustainability report is derived from Continental AG corporate publications, such as the consolidated financial statements, the annual report or the remuneration report, which were audited by an independent auditor.
As in the previous year, free float as defined by Deutsche Boerse AG amounted to 54.0% as at the end of 2021.
We were able to assign 105.4 million of the 108.0 million shares held in the form of shares or alternatively as American depositary receipts (ADRs) in the USA to more than 570 institutional investors, banks and asset managers across 40 countries.
Through our membership in the voluntary 'CEO Water Mandate' initiative, we ensure a regular exchange of information on best practice solutions as well as current opportunities and risks in the field of water management.
In the reporting period, Continental AG was rated by the three rating agencies Standard & Poor's, Fitch and Moody's, each of which maintained their investment-grade credit ratings in 2021.
According to the January 2022 World Economic Outlook Update (WEO Update) published by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the global economy grew by 5.9% in fiscal 2021.
For the UK and Russia, the IMF estimated GDP growth in 2021 of 7.2% and 4.5%, respectively.
In North America, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the USA reported GDP growth of 5.7% for 2021.
For Canada and Mexico, the IMF estimated GDP growth of 4.7% and 5.3%, respectively.
In the European car market (EU27, EFTA and the United Kingdom), there were around 2% fewer new-car registrations in 2021 than in the previous year according to preliminary data from the German Association of the Automotive Industry (Verband der Automobilindustrie, VDA).
According to the VDA, passenger car sales rose in the major car markets of China and the USA by just under 7% and by 3%, respectively.
In Europe and North America, the semiconductor shortages limited the recovery of truck production. 
According to preliminary figures, however, production in Europe and North America rose by 13% and 21%, respectively, compared with the very weak prior-year figures.
The bonds issued by Continental AG and Conti-Gummi Finance B.V., Maastricht, Netherlands, resulted in expenses of €50.7 million (PY: €50.0 million).
The spin-off of Vitesco Technologies reduced Continental's net assets by €2,824.8 million. This therefore had a significant influence on its net assets position in fiscal 2021.
In the Vehicle Networking and Information business area, the agreement with OSRAM GmbH, Munich, Germany, to terminate the joint venture OSRAM CONTINENTAL GmbH, Munich, Germany, in the form of five share deals and three asset deals led to an increase in operating assets of €102.9 million.
Pension plans transferred to or assumed by Continental in the context of acquisitions (Siemens VDO, Temic, Teves, Phoenix) were included in the cash balance plans.
Continental has various defined benefit plans in the USA, which were closed to new entrants and frozen to accretion of further benefits in a period from April 1, 2005, to December 31, 2011.
The payment share price is the arithmetic mean of Continental AG's closing share prices in Xetra trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (or a successor system) on the trading days in the last month prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting that follows the end of the term.
In connection with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft on September 15, 2021, among others, Prof. KR Siegfried Wolf, member of the Supervisory Board of Continental AG, has been elected to the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft, which has been listed on the stock exchange on September 16, 2021.
Prof. Wolf was elected chairman of the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft on October 4, 2021. 
As a result, Prof. Wolf exceeds the maximum number of supervisory board directorships recommended by recommendation C.4 of the Code.
In connection with the spin-off of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft on September 15, 2021, among others, Mr. Klaus Rosenfeld, member of the Supervisory Board of Continental AG and chief executive officer of Schaeffler AG, has also been elected to the Supervisory Board of Vitesco Technologies Group Aktiengesellschaft.
As Mr. Rosenfeld is also on the supervisory board of another listed company, he exceeds the number of supervisory board directorships recommended in recommendation C.5 of the Code.
Mr. Rosenfeld has already announced that he will step down from the supervisory of this other company.