Covestro aims to help protect the environment, conserve limited resources, advance society, and create value, all by firmly integrating sustainability into our Group strategy and management.
We report on material topics and nonfinancial performance indicators pursuant to Section 315 (3) of the German Commercial Code (HGB) in our Group Management Report and supplement this information with additional content, which meets the requirements of the 'with reference to' reporting option of the Global Reporting Initiative's (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards.
As an integral part of the Group Management Report, the nonfinancial Group statement was audited by the financial statement auditor, KPMG AG Wirtschaftspruefungsgesellschaft, Duesseldorf (Germany), as part of the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements based on an expansion of the audit engagement.
A nonfinancial statement or nonfinancial report does not have to be provided at this time for Covestro AG.
In the year 2021, Covestro assessed whether its economic activities are taxonomy-eligible; in fiscal 2022 we conducted an analysis centrally to determine taxonomy-aligned activities.
The review of the minimum safeguards for human rights relates to Covestro's overarching management approach to respecting human rights, and primarily to the risk analysis conducted as part of the human rights due diligence.
The comprehensive and ongoing risk analysis covers all of Covestro's own sites, the supply chain, as well as the use phase and end-of-life of our products.
In addition, as part of the review to establish compliance with the minimum safeguards, we verified at Group level that no final court judgments have been handed down against Covestro in connection with the above issues.
Although no economic activities were reported as taxonomy-aligned in the year 2022, there are no indications based on the review described above to suggest that Covestro does not meet the minimum safeguards under Article 18 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
In order to determine the turnover generated by Covestro from taxonomy-eligible economic activities, we allocated the relevant Covestro products to these activities.
In the case of activities relevant to Covestro in support of the environmental objective of climate change mitigation, the Taxonomy defines sustainability in particular with regard to the carbon footprint of the production process.
However, this process does not consider the entire lifecycle of our products, with the result that the positive effect of our products, known as handprint, does not become apparent during application and use of the Covestro products.
The calculation of the KPIs considers separately the activities of the Resins & Functional Materials business (RFM) acquired from Koninklijke DSM N.V., Heerlen (Netherlands), in the year 2021.
Following completion of the alignment check, Covestro has only taxonomy-eligible activities to report here.
Since our locations in Germany, the United States and China cover most of our procurement volume, the sites located in these countries are referred to as main sites within the meaning of the GRI terminology.
Voluntary services for the promotion and maintenance of health are made available only to Covestro employees.
We voluntarily report the management approaches for material topics in accordance with GRI 3-3 (2021).
We plan to check whether the use of voluntary GRI reporting under the 'in accordance with GRI' option is appropriate against the backdrop of regulatory developments.
We applied the GRI standards as a framework for preparing the nonfinancial Group statement.
The starting point for this is the materiality assessment and the material sustainability topics identified or updated as a result, i.e., the topics that are of medium or high relevance to Covestro and on the aspects of which Covestro's business activities have a medium or high impact.
No material risks have been identified in connection with Covestro's own business activities, business relationships, or products that have or are very likely to have a severely negative impact on the nonfinancial aspects of the company's business.
The European Union's Taxonomy Regulation 2020/852 (EU Taxonomy), and particularly its delegated acts, are the basis for various current and future initiatives by the European Union (EU) to facilitate sustainable financial reporting.
Some legal concepts in the EU Taxonomy have not been defined conclusively, which has led to continuing uncertainty regarding their interpretation.
The European Commission is expected to publish the TSCs for the other environmental objectives in the course of the year 2023.
These requirements correspond to Covestro's culture, which we have made an integral part of our actions on the basis of existing Corporate Commitments, the Supplier Code of Conduct, and various Group regulations.