A good 125 years ago, Gottlieb Daimler and Carl Benz founded the modern transport industry with their first trucks and buses.
This became today's Daimler Truck Group (hereinafter also referred to as 'Daimler Truck' or 'Group') – one of the largest commercial vehicle manufacturers in the world, with over 40 production facilities around the world and more than 100,000 employees.
Daimler Truck customers deliver goods reliably, punctually and safely to their destinations and make people mobile.
Daimler Truck was spun off from Daimler AG (now Mercedes-Benz Group AG) in 2021. Daimler Truck Holding AG is the parent company of the Group with its registered office in Stuttgart and its headquarters in Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Germany.
The Group has major manufacturing operations in Brazil, Germany, France, India, Japan, Mexico, Turkey and the United States, as well as branches in most countries around the world.
Trucks North America is the leading manufacturer of heavyduty trucks in North America by unit sales and number two in the 'vocational market', the segment for construction vehicles and special vehicles.
Trucks North America also supplies trucks for off-road applications, as well as long-haul vehicles and school buses.
The segment's production network comprises 15 production locations in the United States and Mexico.
Mercedes-Benz is the highest-selling truck brand in the EU30 region (European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland and Norway).
The segment develops, produces, and sells trucks under the Mercedes-Benz brand in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, and is also responsible for the sale of FUSO brand trucks in Europe and Latin America.
Trucks Asia combines the operations of Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation ('MFTBC'), based in Japan, and Daimler India Commercial Vehicles ('DICV'), based in India.
Beijing Foton Daimler Automotive Co. Ltd ('BFDA'), the joint venture with
Beiqi Foton Motor Co. Ltd ('Foton'), produces trucks under the Auman brand.
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation also manufactures industrial engines.
From 2039 onwards, the Group aims to offer only new vehicles in the regions Europe, North America and Japan that are CO2-neutral in driving operation (tank-to-wheel).
In addition, the cellcentric GmbH & Co. KG ('cellcentric') joint venture with the Volvo Group aims to develop, produce and market hydrogen fuel cells and systems.
The war of aggression on Ukraine, the energy crisis triggered by it, the high inflation in many regions and the ongoing supply chain constraints.
The DAX stock index tracks the performance of the 40 largest German stock corporations in terms of market capitalization and with the highest revenue on the Regulated Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
The first fully electric series-produced Mercedes-Benz eActros is driving for DB Schenker: Karin Rådstroem, CEO Mercedes-Benz Trucks, has handed over an eActros 300 for heavy distribution transport to the logistics service provider.
DB Schenker uses the eActros to transport palletized shipments in the Leipzig area.
Daimler Truck opened its product development and IT center Daimler Truck Innovation Center India ('DTICI') in Bangalore, India, in March.
In addition, TORC Europe GmbH also opened a technology and software development center in Stuttgart in April 2022.
Daimler Truck, TRATON Group and Volvo Group kick off joint Venture for a European high-performance charging infrastructure.
With Anja van Niersen as CEO, the new joint venture is to make an important contribution to the Green Deal of the European Union and thus to climate-neutral freight transport by 2050.
Thus, the second model of the battery-electric Mercedes-Benz trucks will roll off the production line in Woerth, following the series launch of the eActros for urban distribution haulage in October 2022.





