Being a global financial institution with a loan book of € 489 billion and assets under management of € 1.3 trillion, Deutsche Bank believes that it is part of its responsibility to support and where possible, accelerate this historic transformation towards a more sustainable society and economy.
Fulfill Deutsche Bank's net-zero commitments for key carbon intensive sectors by accompanying clients in their transformation (Transition Dialogue).
These targets cover the sectors of Oil and Gas (upstream), Power Generation, Automotive (light duty vehicles) and Steel and aim to significantly reduce the amount of financed emissions (Scope 3) by 2030, reflecting the bank's commitments as a founding member of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) (for further details see the 'Climate risk' chapter).
In addition, Deutsche Bank joined the EP100 initiative, committing to net-zero operational carbon at owned occupied assets globally by 2030 and the RE100 initiative under The Climate Group, committing to 100% of renewable energy used for own operations by the end of 2025.
Further achievements include the reduction of total energy consumption by 13.3% year-to-year. For its new building at Columbus Circle in New York, Deutsche Bank received the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification.
As part of their cooperation, Deutsche Bank and the European School of Management and Technology (ESMT) in Berlin announced the new endowed professorship for Sustainable Finance. 
Prof. Dr. Joerg Rocholl has taken over the chair as of September 1, 2022.
One of only two foreign banks to participate in People's Bank of China's Carbon Emission Reduction Support Tool program.
In 2022, Deutsche Bank linked the Henkel AG & Co. KGaA (Henkel) supply chain finance program to the ESG ratings of its suppliers and is the first bank in Europe to convert an existing supply chain finance program for its client.
The Community Development Finance Group supports economic opportunities that benefit low- and moderate-income communities in the United States of America.
The financing for the project included a € 2.1 billion facility backed by United Kingdom Export Finance, the export credit agency in the United Kingdom.
The new high speed railway line will provide a low-carbon method of transportation, it will improve efficiency of transport between Ankara and Izmir, creating job opportunities and improve economic conditions of the surrounding population.
Deutsche Bank participated as a lender with € 76 million in Tricon International's € 1 billion uncommitted ESG-linked borrowing base facility and acted as joint lead arranger with a € 96 million ticket in Tricon Dry Chemical's € 881 million uncommitted ESG-linked borrowing base facility.
Deutsche Bank acted as coordinator, mandated lead arranger, bookrunner and ESG coordinator in a € 400 million syndicated loan to Hirschvogel Group. 
Hirschvogel is one of the largest international automotive suppliers in the area of steel and aluminum forging as well as subsequent machining.
Deutsche Bank participated in Alstom's sustainability-linked € 12.7 billion committed guarantee facility agreement. 
Reflecting Alstom's ambitious commitment to sustainable mobility, four sustainability-linked key performance indicators were introduced into this facility agreement.
In a syndicate of nine banks, Deutsche Bank acted as mandated lead arranger and hedge provider for the € 466 million financing of Nebras Power Australia's, Palisade Investment's, and Goldwind Australia's Stockyard Hill wind farm in the state of Victoria, Australia.
Deutsche Bank originated and securitized € 447 million, its first solo ESG deal for the acquisition of Hudson Commons, a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design Platinum office property.
Deutsche Bank acted as Sole Sustainability Coordinator to implement a sustainability-linked loan structure for the € 1.5 billion financing to Delta Fiber, a leading Dutch fiber network operator sponsored by EQT & Stonepeak.
Deutsche Bank has executed multiple loans worth € 17 million with Dominium that were used to construct 803 affordable multifamily units in Phoenix, Arizona (AZ) and Woodbury, Minnesota (MN) USA.
Deutsche Bank acted as joint lead arranger, underwriter and joint ESG coordinator for H&H International's € 1.1 billion equivalent multi-tranche term loan facility and a € 70 million equivalent multi-currency revolving credit facility. 
H&H is a Hong Kong listed premium nutrition and wellness company.
Following a successful inaugural Auto asset-backed securities transaction in 2021, Plenti re-engaged with market participants on this transaction, which included € 44 million of notes that were green certified under the Climate Bonds Standard and backed by renewable energy receivables.
Deutsche Bank acted as joint bookrunner on a € 304 million Green Secured Railcar Asset-Backed-Security transaction serviced by Trinity Rail for Tribute Rail LLC.