Timotheus Hoettges, Chairman of the Board of Management, Bonn, Germany.
Deutsche Telekom is one of the most valuable brands in the world and we are currently the leading European telecommunications provider by a very considerable margin.
We remain committed to the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and the German Sustainability Code. 
Outside of our own corporate sphere, our efforts and commitments in this area include active involvement in various alliances and partnerships, such as the German Association for the Digital Economy (BVDW), econsense, a network of internationally operating companies, and the Digital networking charter (Charta digitale Vernetzung).
In addition, we are a member of the 'Corporate Digital Responsibility' initiative (only available in German) of the Federal Ministry of Justice.
In 2021, the association visitBerlin Convention Partner again audited the Representative Office in Berlin and, as a result, certified it as a Sustainable Partner in its top category, 'Leader'.
Since 2018, we have continued the former Deutsche Telekom supplier development program as an industry approach (Sustainable Development Program, SDP).
Telefónica and Swisscom have since joined this program.
At the same time, the percentage of procurement volume covered by EcoVadis increased sligthly to 38 percent.
A number of our products are certified by recognized ecolabels such as the Blue Angel and the TueV Certified Green Product label.
As of mid-2022, product packaging for all new Deutsche Telekombranded products introduced to the German and European market will be converted to sustainable alternatives.
We collaborate, for example, with the German Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) throughout Germany and with the European Union Agency for Network and Information Security (ENISA) at a European level.
Deutsche Telekom Security GmbH is our security specialist.
In 2020, we joined with the software company SAP to develop our contact tracing app, the Corona-Warn-App.
Since 2014, we have been a member of the 'Cyber Security Sharing & Analytics' (CSSA) association.
An international comparison shows that Deutsche Telekom AG is a leader, among network operators in Europe, in the area of detection and suppression of botnets (as of December 2021).
To keep hackers from controlling hijacked devices within a botnet, Deutsche Telekom Security GmbH experts analyze the botnet’s structures and suppress communications with its controlling servers.
For the fourth time, in 2020 we were commended by the independent testing authority TueV Informationstechnik (TueViT) for our handling of customer data.
TueViT certified that our processing of data – as it relates to billing, for example – is careful and secure.
Since September 2021, T-Systems has been a member of the 'EU Cloud Code of Conduct General Assembly' of SCOPE Europe, an association for the development of a common regulatory framework for the digital economy.
Also, we are participating, along with additional experts, in the AUDITOR project of the Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action, which is aimed at developing a standard for cloudservices certification pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) ('GDPR Compliant Cloud' – GCC).
Deutsche Telekom views such approved certification as essential for a protected data infrastructure in Germany and Europe.
Our partner, the charitable organization 'AfB gemeinnuetzige GmbH',  which offers jobs for people with limitations, receives some of our used IT hardware (e.g., laptops) for reconditioning and reselling.
In addition, in 2018 we joined forces with Sodexo, the company running our cafeterias in Germany, to pilot the RECUP returnable cup.
In 2020, we officially terminated our active partnership with the Plant-for-the-Planet foundation, after the foundation's work was widely and publicly criticized.