Non-financial statement for Deutsche Post AG and for Deutsche Post DHL Group in accordance with Sections 289b(1) and 315b(1) HGB.
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards are taken as the framework for determining material non-financial topics, supplemented by HGB requirements.
As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, Deutsche Post DHL Group implements its ten principles in areas where we have influence.
Additionally, we take guidance from the principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the International Labour Organization's (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, as well as from the principle of social partnership.
In the year under review, the Science Based Targets Initiative verified the following sub-targets in this regard and assessed them as aligned with limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius: using 2021 as the base year, Deutsche Post DHL Group has committed to reducing its absolute direct emissions from the use of fuels and the indirect emissions from purchased energy (Scopes 1 and 2) by 42 % by the year 2030.
For transitory risks, we used the sustainable development scenarios of the International Energy Agency.
In addition, the Alice -the first all-electric aircraft -successfully completed its maiden flight, with the first deliveries of this model scheduled for 2027 to be used for shuttle flights in the United States.
At the global level, we engage in regular, open dialogue with international trade union confederations such as UNI Global Union (UNI) and International Transport Workers' Federation (ITF).
UNI and the European Transport Workers' Federation are also represented.
Employees of Deutsche Post AG covered by the collective wage agreement may opt to take additional time off in lieu of a pay increase.
The remuneration of employees in a non-pay-scale employment relationship (Deutsche Post AG, principal entity in Germany) is bound by existing works agreements.
Our main retirement benefit plans are provided in Germany, the UK, the USA, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
As a founding member of the PROUT AT WORK Foundation, we are committed to providing a collegial, discrimination-free workplace so that our employees can achieve their individual career goals regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Our commitment to respect for human rights includes adherence to the principles of the UN Global Compact and the International Labour Organization (ILO), which we have embedded in our Code of Conduct and outlined in greater detail in our Human Rights Policy Statement.
A risk-based approach is applied to select of countries and locations for the on-site reviews based on internal criteria, such as number of employees, as well as external criteria from Verisk Maplecroft (Human Rights Index). 
Additionally, we consider suggestions from international trade union confederations.
This did not include the reserved limitation with regard to the CEO's chairmanship of the supervisory board of Deutsche Telekom AG.
Dr Frank Appel is permitted to chair the supervisory board of Deutsche Telekom AG until he leaves the company in May 2023.
A determining factor for the Supervisory Board in considering this overall view remains how Stefan Schulte contributes his considerable expertise and experience to the benefit of the company and, as the Chair of the Financial and Audit Committee, engages the Board of Management in differentiated and critical discussions.
Lawrence Rosen's responsibility for the Finance board department ended more than six years ago and therefore does not impair his independence.
DHL Supply Chain acquired a majority holding of 51 % in the Netherlands-based e-commerce specialist Monta Group in October 2022.
With Air Incheon, a new regional partner airline was added to our network in northern Asia.
With GoGreen (environmental protection), GoHelp (disaster management), GoTeach (increasing employability) and GoTrade (promoting trade) we also support SDGs 4, 5, 8, 11, 13 and 17.
DHL is the global market leader in the fragmented market of contract logistics with a market share of 6.0 % (2021) and operations in more than 50 countries.
In keeping with our vision of being THE logistics company for the world, Deutsche Post DHL Group strives to continue leading the industry -and doing so in an increasingly digital and sustainability-oriented world.