E.ON is an investor-owned energy company with approximately 71,600 employees led by Corporate Functions in Essen.
It is subdivided into three regional markets: Germany, Sweden, and East-Central Europe/Turkey (which consists of the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Poland, Croatia, Slovakia, and the stake in Enerjisa Enerji in Turkey, which is accounted for using the equity method).
E.ON's flagship offsetting program is its partnership begun in 2021, with the LEAF Coalition, which stands for Lowering Emissions by Accelerating Forest Finance.
LEAF offsets help protect tropical forest and manage them sustainably.
This includes E.ON's strategic partnership with Australian hydrogen pioneer FFI to develop ways of importing large quantities of green hydrogen to Germany.
Its long-standing partnership with the E.ON Energy Research Center ("ERC") at RWTH Aachen University is particulary noteworthy in this regard.
It uses collaborations such as those with Stanford University, the Global Sustainable Electricity Partnership ("GSEP"), and Free Electrons, a leading accelerator, to work with global partners from these networks to identify electrification trends and leverage synergies and thus to accelerate decarbonization and electrification.
Simerse AI is helping E.ON extend its leading position in the development of innovative solutions for the network business.
E.ON City Energy Solutions ("CES") and Avacon in Germany and E.ON Control Solutions in the United Kindom worked together closely in 2022 to test the solution and initiate partnership models.
Intelligent Heating Control ("ICH") is an ad hoc solution for outdoor-temperature-based heating systems that E.ON developed and tested in 2022 in collaboration with its partner Lemonbeat.
A key element of this strategy is E.ON's partenrship with the LEAF Coalition, which has been in place since 2021.
China, an important trading partner for Germany, plays a major role.
In mid-July E.ON and Igneo Infrastructure Partners signed an agreement to found a joint venture for the rollout of high-speed broadband infratsructure in Germany.
For this purpose, Igneo aquired a 50-percent stake in Westconnect GmbH (formerly Westenergie Breitband GmbH), which was previously a wholly owned E.ON SE subsidary.
E.ON enters into long-term partnerships, such as the cooperation agreement it signed with Deutsche ErdWaerme GmbH ("DEW") in 2022. 
If E.ON SE or a Group company buys treasury shares of E.ON SE, the value of the consideration paid, including directly attributable additional costs (net after income taxes), is deducted from E.ON SE's equity until the shares are retired, distributed or resold.
As result, the assets and liabilities of Westconnect GmbH, which is allocated to the Energy Networks Germany segment, have since been reported in the balance sheet as "Asset held for sale" and "Liabilities associated with assets held for sale", respectively.
Progress was made with Standford University students on satellite based classification of building energy efficiency , while the collaboration with Power to Hydrogen and Simerse AI linked two more U.S.-based startups directly to E.ON's core cusiness.
One example is Dabbel, a startup that makes an important contribution toward climate neutrality by optimizing energy consumption in buildings while significantly reducing their operators' energy costs. 
Dabbel's solution enables average energy savings of 26 percent by optimizing heating, ventilation, and air conditioning technology without installing additional hardware.
Sweden - a European Leader in the introduction of smart enery meters - is considered an ideal market for the launch of such a product.
The Canary Islands has set the target of meeting all its energy needs with renewables by 2040.
Spain is pioneer in a new energy regulation and thus the ideal place for a pilot project to serve as a blueprint for Europe-wide approaches.
Dr. Karl-Ludwig Kley, Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE (Deutsche Lufthansa AG).
Erich Clementi, Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board, E.ON SE (Deutsche Lufthansa AG).