Fresenius Helios is Europe's largest private hospital operator, offering expertise in all areas and at all levels of inpatient and outpatient care as well as in telemedicine.
Fresenius Helios comprises Helios Germany and Helios Spain (Quirónsalud) as well as Eugin Group and Curalie; all are part of the holding company Helios Health.
We recorded sustained high demand for treatments as well as for services for occupational risk prevention (ORP) in Spain, in addition to good contributions from our hospitals in Latin America.
Together with the existing Helios site in Warburg in North Rhine-Westphalia, the aim is to form and expand a regional network over the next few years.
We have acquired leading reproductive clinics and centers in the United States and Canada, and opened a new reproductive medicine facility in Vicenza, Italy.
Fresenius Vamed is a leading global provider of services for hospitals and other health care facilities.
Given the sustainable growth potential and the company's already strong market position, Fresenius Kabi will continue to focus on products and services for critically and chronically ill patients. 
Within this clear direction, Fresenius Kabi has defined three growth vectors: the broadening of our biopharmaceutical offering, further roll-out of clinical nutrition, expansion in the MedTech area.
Fresenius Digital Technology reached a milestone on the path to becoming a modern, global IT organization in 2021.
Research services provided by third parties are mainly used by Fresenius Kabi, especially in the field of biosimilars.
These partners include numerous academic institutions, such as research institutes at prestigious universities in the United States.
This subsidiary of Fresenius Medical Care North America is a renowned institution in the field of clinical research into all aspects of chronic kidney failure.
Our research and development center for biosimilars is based in Eysins, Switzerland, where new products for the treatment of autoimmune and oncological diseases are developed in state-of-the-art development and research laboratories.
Since its introduction in 2019, we have launched the product in numerous countries within Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, as well as in Israel and Canada.
The clinical development of MSB 114552, a biosimilar candidate of pegfilgrastim, has been successfully completed and marketing authorization applications are currently being reviewed by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to obtain approval for market launch.
Approval for U.S. market launch requires the FDA to conduct inspections at the European production sites for MSB 11455. 
In the reporting year, the FDA informed Fresenius Kabi that it was postponing the completion of its review process, as COVID-19-related restrictions are delaying FDA inspections across the world.
The main focus here is on products for markets with high growth potential, such as for Taiwan and Korea in Asia-Pacific and Brazil in Latin America.
In Germany, Fresenius companies have signed tariff agreements with IG BCE, Marburger Bund, and ver.di (labor union for services).
Dr. Gerd Krick (82) left the Supervisory Boards of Fresenius Management SE and the listed Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA when his term ended at the close of the Annual General Meeting in May 2021.
Michael Sen (52) became the new Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius Kabi AG.
He succeeded Mats Henriksson (53), who left the company due to different views on Fresenius Kabi's future direction.
Wolfgang Kirsch (65), a member of the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Management SE since January 1, 2020, took over from him as Chairman of both Supervisory Boards.
In recognition and deep appreciation of his long decades of accomplishment and invaluable work on behalf of Fresenius, Dr. Krick was named Honorary Chairman of both Supervisory Boards.
Klaus-Peter Mueller (76) stepped down from the Supervisory Board of Fresenius Management SE at the end of his term in May 2021.