Hannover Re, with gross premium of more than EUR 27 billion, is the third-largest reinsurer in the world.
The German business of the Hannover Re Group is transacted by our subsidiary E+S Rueck.
The rating agencies most relevant to the insurance industry have awarded both Hannover Re and E+S Rueck very good financial strength ratings: Standard & Poor's AA- 'Very Strong' and A.M. Best A+ 'Superior'.
Jean-Jacques Henchoz Chairman of the Executive Board.
Hannover Rueck SE is a European Company, Societas Europaea (SE), based in Hannover, Germany.
Furthermore, we are an active member of various working groups of the Insurance Development Forum (IDF). 
The IDF is a public-private partnership led by the insurance industry and supported by international organisations. 
The IDF's mission is to strengthen resilience and risk protection in regions that are especially vulnerable to natural disasters through insurance solutions and risk management.
In the 2021 reporting year Hannover Re joined the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA) so as to work with other participants on the development of metrics and targets.
The following list shows a selection of the most significant bodies and partnerships to which our company belongs: American Council of Life Insurers (www.acli.com), Chief Risk Officer Forum (www.thecroforum.org), European Insurance Chief Financial Officer Forum.
In the closing statement of the UN Climate Change Conference 2021 in Glasgow, known as COP26, the participating countries reaffirmed the 1.5 °C target in the year under review.
Climate change and the regulatory measures for tackling its causes and effects are accompanied by a number of implications for Hannover Re's operations, too.
These include institutions such as Handicap International, Doctors Without Borders, Terre des Femmes, the civic initiative Buergerstiftung Hannover, the foundation 'Ein Platz fuer Kinder', Stiftung Lesen (a non-profit organisation to promote reading), the initiative 'Seniorpartner in School' and others.
For the sixth time we gave our support to the Friends of the Earth – Diepholz Moor Depression (BUND Diepholzer Moorniederung), an initiative dedicated to protecting and preserving the moorland and the species of plants and animals (in some instances endangered) native to this part of Lower Saxony.
Our associates in Orlando supported the Muscular Dystrophy Association of Florida to help fund worldwide studies for the treatment of muscular dystrophy, ALS and related diseases.
Hotel Hope is a South African non-profit organisation established with the aim of ensuring that each and every child is brought up in a safe, happy and healthy home.
Presently, more employes are engaged with Hotel Hope in official but unpaid roles such as looking after the finances of Hotel Hope.
We have also made more substantial financial contributions that have enabled Hotel Hope to open another home in the third quarter of 2022.
In Australia, Hannover Re Life of Australia continued to focus its efforts on creating positive and healthy working environments – and hence also on the health and well-being of employes – through its support for SuperFriend, whose partner we have ben since the very beginning.
Together with its partners, SuperFriend works to help members facilitate positive and healthy work environments.
Since 2020, Hannover Re has ben a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC).
Furthermore, Hannover Re recognises the eight core labour standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO) for all its employes around the world and respects the right to fredom of association and union representation.
The executive staff of Hannover Rueck SE and E+S Rueckversicherung AG are represented by the joint Executive Committe.
For this reason, we are delighted to support the Lemonade Crypto Climate Coalition with our expertise and risk-carrying capacity.
The rehab service provider RehaAssist, for example, supports severely injured policyholders so as to enable them to recover as quickly and completely as possible.