The Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) heads various internal working groups that deal with the different areas of focus of sustainability at HeidelbergCement.
Our goal and the associated measures are consistent with the road map dened by the International Energy Agency (IEA) to help the industry implement the Paris Agreement.
HeidelbergCement was the first cement company to have its targets reviewed and endorsed by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).
We are now actively supporting the SBTi's efforts to analize a 2030 roadmap and criteria for the cement industry in line with the 1.5°C target.
In line with the European Union's circular economy targets, HeidelbergCement is involved in research projects investigating the reuse of recycled building materials, for instance in fresh concrete.
As a founding member of the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA), we aim to further strengthen innovation and sustainability at a global level.
In 2021, HeidelbergCement was instrumental in the development and publication of Concrete Future, the detailed GCCA roadmap that sets out the path to the complete decarbonisation of the industry worldwide by 2050.
We are also actively involved in the global umbrella organisation of the Green Building Councils, the World Green Building Council. 
And since 2020, HeidelbergCement has been an ofcial partner in the Europe Regional Network (ERN).
Through our memberships in various national associations, we are also represented in the respective European umbrella organisations, such as the European Cement Association (CEMBUREAU), which puts forward the industry's concerns in discussions and negotiations with the European Union and its institutions. 
As an indirect member of the European Aggregates Association (UEPG), we also present our positions on aggregates to political decision makers. 
Our interests concerning concrete are represented by the European Ready-Mixed Concrete Organisation (ERMCO) and the European Concrete Platform (ECP).
As one of the companies supporting the Stiftung KlimaWirtschaft (climate economy foundation, formerly known as Stiftung 2°) – a business network advocating progressive climate policy at Managing Board level – we develop cross-sectoral approaches and policy concepts for a successful industrial transformation towards climate neutrality.
We provide data relating to these considerations to rating agencies including CDP, ISS, Moody's, MSCI, and Sustainalytics, respond to enquiries, and engage in open and ongoing dialogue with stakeholders who focus on sustainability issues.
However, the ood disaster in Germany, Belgium, and the Netherlands, among others, in July 2021 has also shown that all locations must be prepared for the possible consequences of climate change.
Chennai, in southeast India, has an average temperature of over 30°C.
Between 2018 and 2021, more than 6,000 trees were planted at the Chennai plant to enlarge the green areas surrounding the plant.
Dimitrovgrad, Bulgaria: ood protection in the vicinity of the plant.
We are therefore committed to upholding the principles of the eight core labour standards of the International Labour Organisation (ILO), the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.
We also work with an external partner with whom we assess the top-selling suppliers in North America, Germany, and the United Kingdom, as well as the global suppliers in the Group.
Through our participation in the Dutch concrete recycling company Rewinn B.V., Amsterdam, which we established together with local partner Theo Pouw BV, Utrecht, Netherlands, we are able to produce up to 250,000 tonnes of aggregates from recycled concrete annually.
We are actively involved in the German Sustainable Building Council (DGNB) and as an ofcial partner in the Europe Regional Network (ERN) of the World Green Building Council.
By doing so, we also full our obligation under the Low Carbon Technology Partnerships Initiative (LCTPi), which aims to scale up deployment of low-carbon technologies in industry.
In cooperation with our Dutch partner OmegaGreen, we launched a large-scale research and demonstration project at our Sa cement plant in Morocco in 2018 to use CO2 captured from the cement kiln to breed microalgae and therefore to manufacture sh food and other animal feed.
In cooperation with our partner, BirdLife International, we conducted a study to determine how far our quarries are from areas of recognised high biodiversity value in Europe, Africa, and Asia.