At Henkel, we see sustainability as a constant endeavor to make progress on current topics and keep learning about new issues, based on scientific knowledge.
During the transition period in 2022, we continued to employ and pay our 2,500 employees in Russia. In Ukraine itself, our primary concern is the safety of our 600 employees and their families.
We also address the global challenge of a circular economy in partnership with the social enterprise Plastic Bank. 
The idea of Plastic Bank is to reduce plastic waste in nature while also providing new opportunities for people in poverty. 
In 2017, Henkel became the first major global consumer goods company to work with Plastic Bank. 
In 2022, we continued to support Plastic Bank's commitment in Egypt to developing the local recycling infrastructure.
For example, volunteer efforts by our employees have provided support for social projects in Guatemala, in cooperation with the organization United Way Worldwide.
Chaired by Sylvie Nicol, Executive Vice President Human Resources, Infrastructure and Sustainability, the Sustainability Council is the central decision-making body for our global sustainability activities.
Many of our employees work in countries where, according to surveys by organizations such as Transparency International, there is a greater risk of encountering corrupt practices.
Collaboration in industry associations such as the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) and the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI).
Member of initiatives, for example Chemie, Responsible Care, Renewable Carbon Initiative and Alliance to End Plastic Waste (AEPW).
Dialogue with organizations, such as the European Centre for Ecotoxicology and Toxicology of Chemicals (ECETOC), to improve measurement methods for the collection of sustainability data.
This community, led by the World Economic Forum, is committed to accelerating decarbonization and expanding partnerships across global value chains.
To explore the potential impacts of climate change, one of the sources we use is data from transition scenarios developed by the International Energy Agency (IEA) and from climate scenarios conducted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
Henkel supports collection and recycling infrastructure in Europe, India, North America and Egypt.
We base our understanding of recyclable or reusable on the guidelines issued by the European PET Bottle Platform (EPBP) industry initiative, RecyClass from Plastics Recyclers Europe, the Golden Design Rules published by the Consumer Goods Forum, and the Ellen MacArthur Foundation's 'design for recyclability guidelines'.
The program is a project within the scope of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition in the US, an association of industrial companies, research institutes and public authorities that aims to increase the general understanding of sustainability related to packaging and smarter packaging solutions.
These adhesives have been recognized by the cross-industry non-profit organization RecyClass as fully compatible with existing recycling processes.
This is the reason why we have established a strategic partnership with the RWTH Aachen spin-off organization PEM Motion, which involves collaborating to pioneer more sustainable next-generation battery technologies and develop innovative solutions that meet the material requirements of a closed-loop system.
Henkel has been a founding member of the Renewable Carbon Initiative since 2020.
An important partner on the path to improved recycling of waste and the establishment of a circular economy is the social enterprise Plastic Bank.
In 2022, there were 14 collection centers operating around Cairo, along the Nile River, and in Red Sea vacation hotspots.
Our membership in the New Plastics Economy (NPEC), an initiative of the Ellen MacArthur Foundation that brings together different stakeholders to shape the future of plastics and create momentum for a circular economy, is an important example of our engagement in this area.
The Plastic Waste Coalition of Action was formed from the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) in 2020.
The Cyclos-HTP Institute, which specializes in classifying, assessing and certifying the recyclability of packaging and products, has confirmed that Henkel's bottles, in black color and carbon-free, are fully detectable and sortable.