Infineon and Hyundai Motor Group nurture start-ups with a focus on mobility of the future and digitalization.
Infineon and Rainforest Connection develop real-time monitoring systems designed to detect wildfires.
Infineon Malaysia acquires Syntronixs Asia, a Malaysia-based electroplating company.
Founded in 2006, Syntronixs Asia has a workforce of more than 500 people and has been a major service provider for Infineon since 2009.
Infineon is a very successful participant in the study of Germany's best trainers 2021 conducted by the German business magazine 'Capital' and the talent platform Ausbildung.de.
For the twelfth consecutive year, Infineon makes it into the Sustainability Yearbook published by S&P2 Global in cooperation with RobecoSAM3.
In addition to a number of existing initiatives and partnerships, the chip manufacturer is taking part in six more research projects that are part of a stimulus package for the future of quantum technologies supported by the German Federal Government.
EcoVadis, an independent rating agency that monitors the sustainability of suppliers, analyzes Infineon with regard to environmental, social, ethical and financial influencing factors.
Infineon doubles this amount, with the result that a final total of €500,000 is donated to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHCR).
With effect from 1 April 2022, Jochen Hanebeck assumes the role of Chief Executive Officer of Infineon, succeeding Dr. Reinhard Ploss. Dr. Ploss was awarded the German title of CEO of the Year six times and served as CEO of Infineon for nine years. 
On 1 April 2022, Dr. Wijburg is appointed as the new COO of Infineon's Management Board, succeeding Jochen Hanebeck in this role.
Having been selected as an excellent partner of Hyundai in 2018, this is the second time Infineon has received the award. 
Infineon switches the power supply to its semiconductor factory in Austin fully over to green electricity.
It is awarded each year by the German business newspaper Handelsblatt, the German business news magazine Wirtschaftswoche, Accenture, and EnBW.
Dr. Helmut Gassel, member of the Management Board and CMO of Infineon, resigned from the Board at his own request on 31 May 2022 and left the company.
Andreas Urschitz, who until then had been President of Infineon's Power & Sensor Systems (PSS) segment, was appointed as his successor.
Infineon in Batam is awarded the title of 'National Lighthouse Industry 4.0' by the Indonesian Ministry of Industry during the Business Round Table on 16 June 2022 in Jakarta (Indonesia) on the occasion of the state visit of the German President.
Following the conclusion of the public tender process by the Audit Committee, the Supervisory Board of Infineon has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting that Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftspruefungsgesellschaft, Munich (Germany) be appointed as auditor for the 2024 fiscal year.
KPMG AG Wirtschaftspruefungsgesellschaft, Munich (Germany), has provided independent limited assurance regarding the specified sustainability performance information provided in this report in accordance with the 'International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)', the pertinent standard for assuring sustainability information.
The group, which is led by the international non-profit organization Climate Group in partnership with CDP, represents more than 370 companies in a variety of economic sectors.
Infineon is once again among the ten best semiconductor companies in the world in terms of entrepreneurial sustainability.
In both categories, Training and Work-Study Programs, Infineon receives an award for the third time in a row.
The start-ups will also have the opportunity of closer collaboration, becoming part of Infineon's co-innovation space in Singapore.
After Infineon had been awarded Gold status by EcoVadis for six years in succession, it received the EcoVadis Platinum medal in the 2022 fiscal year.
For the fourth year in a row, our company received an AA rating (based on a scale from AAA to CCC) in the MSCI Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Ratings.