We continued to engage in combating Covid-19 in 2021, including accelerating the supply of urgently needed lipids as part of our strategic partnership with BioNTech and comprehensively expanding our production capacities for technologies and solutions that are required for the manufacture of Covid-19 vaccines and treatments.
Based in Darmstadt, Germany, the legal form of our company is a corporation with general partners (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien - KGaA). The Merck family holds around 70% of the equity capital of Merck KGaA (equity interest) via the general partner E. Merck; the shareholders hold the remainder, which is divided into shares (subscribed capital).
Our shares have been a constituent of the DAX, the blue-chip index of the Deutsche Boerse, since 2007. 
We are also a member of the Chemie3 initiative, a collaboration between the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI), the Federal Employers' Association (BAVC) and the German Mining, Chemical and Energy Industrial Union (IG BCE).
As part of the Group Compliance Center of Expertise, our global team for coordinating transparency reporting is responsible for implementing current and upcoming transparency reporting requirements in the Healthcare business sector - including those of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and the United States Physician Payments Sunshine Act.
We take a risk-based approach to our annual audit planning process, considering factors such as sales, employee headcount, systematic stakeholder feedback and the Corruption Perceptions Index (CPI) published by the non-governmental organization Transparency International.
We are members of various organizations, including the German Chemical Industry Association (VCI), the German Institute for Compliance (DICO), the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), the German Association of Voluntary Self-Regulation for the Pharmaceutical Industry (FSA), the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA), the Alliance for Integrity, the German Association for Supply Chain Management, Procurement and Logistics (BME), and the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP).
In addition to applicable laws and our own internal standards, we comply with the codes of conduct of various international industry organizations, such as the Code of Practice published by the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) and the Code of Practice of the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA).
We are also members of various local industry associations, such as the German Association of Voluntary Self-Regulation for the Pharmaceutical Industry (FSA) and the U.S. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA).
We also partner with industry associations, such as Global Alliance for Medical Education (GAME), International Alliance for Continuing Medical Education, (iPACME), European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and Medical Affairs Professional Society (MAPS).
Taxes are managed in different units within Merck KGaA.
For the risk evaluation, we apply the risk data provided by EcoVadis for almost our complete purchase volume (98%).
We are a member of both Together for Sustainability (TfS) and the Pharma Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI).
Our educational efforts in Jharkhand include funding three schools with nearly 500 students as well as five vocational training centers, all run by our local partner, the NGO IGEP.
We are fully funding an IGEP-operated health center that serves approximately 20,000 residents in the local region.
We are also a founding member of the multi-stakeholder group Responsible Mica Initiative (RMI).
During the reporting year, we continued to support the RMI's work on its three main program pillars.
Through continuous advocacy work, the RMI is recognized as an important partner for drafting future policies to help ensure sustainable mica mining, while eradicating the root causes of child labor.
As a member of TransCelerate, a consortium of 21 pharmaceutical companies, we are currently collaborating on several initiatives to drive the efficient, effective and high-quality delivery of new medicines.
In 2021, we established multidisciplinary boards in Europe and the United Kingdom that review and approve all work conducted by or on behalf of our company involving the use of animals.
As part of our efforts to improve animal welfare, we are involved in several organizations and industry initiatives, including the European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA) and Interpharma, a federation of research-based pharmaceutical companies in Switzerland.
Interpharma conducts audits at contract research organizations and animal breeders together with selected member companies.
Since 2021, the DEAP has also been addressing questions arising from Syntropy, a digital joint venture between Palantir Technologies and our company.
Syntropy enables us to collect data, collaborate and develop new discoveries in a safe, trust-based environment while also ensuring that the institutions that provide the data retain ownership of it.
In 2021, we partnered with the well-established patent information platform LexisNexis PatentSight to assess the sustainability impact of our intellectual property.