The EQS electric saloon is produced CO2 neutrally at Factory 56 in Sindelfingen.
For example, Mercedes-Benz has agreed to purchase battery cells produced in a CO2 neutral manner as part of its strategic partnerships with battery cell partners CATL, ACC and Farasis.
The ESSENZ method that we developed in cooperation with the TU Berlin and other partners provides information about the scope of the risks.
To date, the Mercedes-Benz Group has identified 24 such risk-related raw materials, including cobalt and lithium, which we will only procure from certified sources in the future.
Prof Dr Dr Felix Ekardt is Head of the Research Unit Sustainability and Climate Policy in Leipzig and Berlin and Professor of Public Law and Law Philosophy at the University of Rostock. 
In 2021, together with the lawyer Dr Franziska Heß, he obtained the decision of Germany's Federal Constitutional Court on climate policy, which received worldwide attention.
Jana Kraegenbring-Noor is the Head of the Corporate Environmental Protection and Energy Management department.
Mohamad Ysser Makansi, Co-Worker Mercedes-EQ battery production team at the Mercedes-Benz plant Untertuerkheim, Hedelfingen sub-plant.
Servane Lessi, Head of the Electric Power Train at the Mercedes-Benz AG.
Florian Weisbeck, Chairman of the Joint Youth and Trainee Representation of Mercedes-Benz AG in Untertuerkheim.
Sabine Kohleisen, Member of the Board of Management of Mercedes-Benz Group AG and Mercedes-Benz AG responsible for Human Resources and Labor Director.
Ergun Luemali, Chairman of the Works Council at the Sindelfingen plant and Chairman of the General Works Council of Mercedes-Benz Group AG.
Roman Zitzelsberger, District Manager of the German Metalworkers' Union (IG Metall) in Baden-Wuerttemberg.
Georg Leutert, Director for Automotive and Aerospace Industries at IndustriALL.
At IndustriALL, a global federation of labour unions, we're especially interested in the worldwide impacts of the transformation on employees.
Hildegard Mueller, President of the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA).
The automotive industry, as organised in the VDA, is clearly committed to achieving climate-neutral mobility no later than 2050.
Hildegard Mueller has been President of the German Association of the Automotive Industry (VDA) since February 2020.
Prior to that, she was Chief Executive Officer of the BDEW e.V. (German Association of Energy and Water Industries) from 2008 until 2016. 
She was a member of the German Bundestag from 2002 to 2008 and a Minister of State to the former Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany Angela Merkel from 2005 to 2008.
In 2021 Ola Kaellenius announced a strategic shift from electric-first to electric-only.
Christopher Gerdes Head of Strategy Development & Strategy Intelligence at Mercedes-Benz AG.
Such as the perspective Yuken Teruya gives us with his series of paper trees that he carves out of paper bags?
The title was also inspired by the German-American philosopher Hannah Arendt, who defined friendship as a constant discourse based on the acceptance of difference and diversity.
Buhlebezwe Siwani's work deals with the effects of colonialism in her home country, South Africa.