FOREWORD BY REINER WINKLER, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF MTU AERO ENGINES AG.
To this end, in 2021 we strengthened our collaboration with the German Aerospace Center (DLR).
he first basic tests for condensation were completed in collaboration with the University of Stuttgart.
We should tap into this potential, which is why MTU supports several projects to set up production facilities and this year began using SAFs in maintenance test runs for some customers.
Operating affiliates all over the world, MTU has a local presence in major regions and markets and is headquartered in Munich, Germany.
The company is a valued and trusted partner to all of the big players in the industry: GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce.
MTU has entered into an innovation partnership with the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA).
In addition, both concepts received positive reviews as part of the Call for Expressions of Ideas issued by the EU's Clean Aviation public-private partnership.
This provided a basis from which to refine the technology roadmap for Clean Aviation.
To achieve climate neutrality for MTU, we have selected various international offsetting projects such as the construction of a hydroelectric power station in Brazil and biogas plants in Nepal.
Our international locations also work together with selected universities and colleges in their regions: MTU Aero Engines Polska has established an alliance with the Lezajsk Technical School and the University of Science and Technology (AGH) in Kraków, and MTU Aero Engines North America has a partnership with the CREC Aerospace Academy.
Together with Technische Universitaet Braunschweig, we operate a maintenance laboratory to enable students to experience engine maintenance at our premises as part of their master's studies.
We run a series of sponsorship schemes at the University of Stuttgart and the German Aerospace Center that support young researchers for a number of years after they finish their degrees, and we provide financial backing for a , or 'Germany Scholarship' at Leibniz Universitaet Hannover and Technische Universitaet Braunschweig.
In cooperation with the Business4School project, an initiative that aims to foster business skills in schoolchildren, HR and Controlling managers at MTU Maintenance Hannover give insights into their work in lectures at local schools.
Our engineering subsidiary in the United States also financially supports the Eurotech scholarship program at the University of Connecticut.
As well as providing financial grants, the offers personal advice and mentoring to help students get started with their careers.
We provide a significant proportion of the lectures for the engine technology course at the Brandenburg University of Technology (BTU) in Cottbus.
MTU has endowed a chair for aircraft engine structural mechanics at the University of Stuttgart as well.
Each year, MTU confers the Wolfgang Heilmann Science Award for outstanding achievements by talented young students performing research in the field of aircraft engines at Karlsruhe Institute of Technology.
For several years now, MTU Maintenance Hannover has supported the initiative in Hannover through its involvement as a partner.
In Germany, the company allows staff to undertake projects during their paid workday with the German Federal Agency for Technical Relief or the volunteer fire department, and offers the services of lay justices for labor tribunals and social justice courts and of examiners for the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
Employees in the United States have collected donations for food banks.
In response to the devastation caused by flooding in several regions of Germany in the summer of 2021, MTU donated a total of EUR 100,000 to the Red Cross and other aid organizations and initiatives.
Some of this money went to local charity drives, especially in the affected region of southern Bavaria. Employees pitched in with the volunteer fire department or helped with the German Federal Agency for Technical Relief's clean-up work.
At MTU's site in Poland, a team of employees has set up an emergency relief organization for Ukraine that matches up volunteers, aid packages and goods with people who need help.