Diversity and inclusion is a cornerstone of the S pillar of ESG at Munich Re.
With more than 30,000 employees and sales representatives worldwide, ERGO Group AG offers customers a comprehensive spectrum of insurance.
ERGO International AG manages the Group's international business.
Via ERGO, Munich Re offers products in all main classes of insurance: life insurance, German health insurance, and in nearly all lines of property-casualty insurance, as well as travel insurance and legal protection insurance.
MEAG manages Munich Re's investments worldwide and offers its expertise to private and insitutional investors. 
MEAG handles all the main asset classes. 
Voluntary commitments, such as those we make to the UN Global Compact (UNGC), the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI), the UNEP FI Principles for Sustainable Insurance (PSI) and - since 2020 - our membership of the Net-Zero Asset Owner Alliance (AOA), represent a key element of our sustainability strategy.
Furthermore, Munich Re is a founding member of the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (2021), convened by the UN PSI.
MR Munich headquarters is carbon net-zero, ongoing carbon neutrality at other sites of Munich Re.
LinkedIn Learning for reinsurance: approx. 6,100 activated licences, > 228,000 completed learning videos.
Autumn 2021, two new development programmes, 'The Future Manager' and 'Next Level Leadership', were launched at ERGO, as well as the Oxygen programme in the reinsurance group.
Munich Re again achieved the highest category with the rating 'excellent' and was ranked first in the DVFA analysis of DAX and MDAX indices.
These include the Global Earthquake Model (GEM), the German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI) and the German Data Science Society (GDS).
In addition, in 2021, Munich Re co-founded the Net-Zero Insurance Alliance (NZIA), which intends to decarbonise all insurance activities by 2050.
Munich Re's definition of the Arctic region is based on the internationally accepted broad definition of the Arctic by the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Programme (AMAP), with minor exceptions in the Norwegian Arctic region.
African Energy Guarantee Facility (AEGF): (re)insurance capacity for sustainable energy projects in sub-Saharan Africa.
DKV EcoHogar - Ecological household insurance.
HDFC ERGO in India markets a wide range of microinsurance policies in the rural sector, including weather-indexed, health, personal accident, and fire, as well as special coverages for farmers.
DKV Health Insurance in Spain offers Famedic Plus, a product targeted at families.
Supported by the European Commission (the UN's Sustainable Energy for All initiative), the KfW Banking Group, the European Investment Bank and a local primary insurer - the African Trade Insurance Agency, we offer insurance coverage for political risks, such as those connected with government failure to fulfil power purchase agreements, expropriation, breach of contract, war and civil unrest; specifically, those countries connected with renewable energy projects in sub-Saharan Africa.
The African Energy Guarantee Facility provides customised insurance solutions that facilitate investment in primarily long-term energy projects.
The Caribbean Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility (CCRIF), which Munich Re helped to set up in 2007, guarantees payments within 14 days after a natural catastrophe to participating countries, which can then use the money for recovery efforts.
The Mexican government focuses on protecting its public assets stock by reducing the adverse fiscal impact of natural disasters.
In December 2021, Munich Re concluded the first parametric disaster insurance integrated into a sovereign bond issuance with the government of Belize in collaboration with Willis Towers Watson and The Nature Conservancy (TNC).
Munich Re became a formal partner of Save the Children in 2019 and has provided financial support for a variety of aid measures.