Oliver Blume and Lutz Meschke are managers with a passion for sports - and they lead Porsche in line with the same principles as one would a sports team.
High-power charging at Mondsee lake: Otmar Bitsche with his Taycan Turbo Sport Turismo.
Porsche engineer Otmar Bitsche knows the A 1, A 8, A 9, and A 99 superhighways like the back of his hand, as he drives his Taycan Turbo Sport Turismo from the Weissach Development Centre to his family's home in Graz, Austria, every weekend. 
Barbara Frenkel and Karl Dums have been airborne for nearly 24 hours, having flown to the other side of the world, and have landed safely at Aeropuerto Internacional Presidente Carlos Ibáñez del Campo, as the airport is officially called.
Frenkel and Dums are on their way to the world's southernmost city, Punta Arenas, in close proximity to Tierra del Fuego, the legendary group of islands.
Measuring 1.6 meters at the shoulders and weighing in at around 700 kilograms, this ox with powerful horns is a rare sight that visitors can enjoy close-up in northwestern Leipzig.
In cooperation with the Volkswagen Group and expert development partners, Porsche AG is also optimizing a procedure to recycle high-voltage batteries. 
In 2021, Porsche and CUSTOMCELLS GmbH founded the Cellforce Group to make it possible to build exceptionally powerful yet also more sustainable batteries.
The Cellforce Group has signed agreements with partner companies to recycle production waste into new cathode material for future batteries. 
By optimizing a pre-existing paint shop, the Stuttgart-Zuffenhausen site has been able to save over 850,000 kWh of heat energy.
Porsche AG and Porsche Leipzig GmbH have a system for collecting and separating unavoidable waste that is set for removal.
The donations went to the charitable organization ARTHELPS, which delivers aid to Ukraine on a regular basis. 
In the Ukrainian city of Smila, ARTHELPS is also offering another type of aid to children and young people who are refugees: psychological support and art therapy - which can be extremely effective in children especially - aim to make it easier to process the trauma of war and counteract any potential long-term effects.
The nationwide Children's run for life, which is organized by the children's charity Bundesverband Kinderhospiz e. V., aims to bring a sensitive issue into the public eye and constantly raise awareness in order to dispel the taboo.
Sotheby's auctioned off a truly special unique specimen: the 911 Sally Special.
In soccer, it has partnerships with RB Leipzig, the Stuttgarter Kickers, the Red Bull Football Academy, Borussia Moenchengladbach, and FC Erzgebirge Aue.
ice hockey, the company supports talented young people at the Bietigheim Steelers.
In basketball, the Porsche Basketball Academy (BBA) in Ludwigsburg - the elite training center for MHP RIESEN Ludwigsburg - is named after Porsche AG.
In cooperation with partner clubs FC Erzgebirge Aue, Borussia Moenchengladbach, SV Stuttgarter Kickers, and RB Leipzig, the Porsche youth development initiative “Turbo for Talents' launched football camps for children and young people who had fled Ukraine.
In the reporting period, Porsche AG also partnered with universities and organizations such as Formula Student Germany and CODE University of Applied Sciences.
Porsche AG is also a member of the employers' association Suedwestmetall and is therefore part of the social partnership actively practiced between the metal and electrical industry and the IG Metall trade union.
Porsche Leipzig GmbH has been a member of the Saxony Employers' Association for the Metal and Electrical Industry (VSME) since January 1, 2019.
Additionally, the employees of Porsche AG, Porsche Leipzig GmbH, Porsche Deutschland GmbH, Porsche Engineering Group/Services GmbH, Porsche Financial Services GmbH, Porsche Lifestyle GmbH & Co. KG, Porsche Niederlassung Hamburg GmbH, Porsche Niederlassung Berlin Potsdam GmbH, Porsche Niederlassung Berlin GmbH, Porsche Niederlassung Stuttgart GmbH, Porsche Werkzeugbau GmbH, MHP GmbH, and Porsche Digital GmbH appointed representatives in accordance with the relevant election principles in the reporting year.
What makes this partnership special is that, in direct cooperation with Porsche, UP.Labs will develop start-ups that are tailored to the Porsche AG Group.
The Porsche AG Group entered into a partnership with UP.Labs in the year under review.