QIAGEN is a world-leading supplier of sample and assay technologies for molecular diagnostics, applied testing and life science research.
At QIAGEN, sustainability means long-term economic success combined with respect for the natural environment and our stakeholders – employees, customers, suppliers and neighbors.
The 17 global sustainability goals with 169 sub-goals were adopted by all UN member states in 2015 in what is termed the 'Agenda 2030'.
Our Non-Financial Reporting as requested by the European Union is included in the IFRS Annual Report, which has been filed with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM) in the Netherlands.
At QIAGEN, we are seriously committed to minimizing the environmental impact of our business activities – from the energy and resources we consume in our manufacturing processes, right down to the materials we use in our laboratories and offices.
We also began preparing an environmental management system as per ISO 14001 at our largest manufacturing location in Hilden.
The 2021 LCA was carried out in accordance with ISO 14040 / 14044 and certified by an independent third party (GUTcert).
In 2021, we reaffirmed and strengthened this commitment by joining the Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign of the Science Based Target Initiative (SBTi).
In joining the SBTi campaign, we also joined the Race to Zero, a UN-backed global campaign to take immediate action to reduce emissions across all scopes.
Our subsidiary in Hilden, Germany, set the precedent by switching to 100 % green energy, significantly reducing our 2021 corporate carbon footprint. 
Hilden also installed solar panels which will reduce the amount purchased from utilities.
In 2021, our Manchester, U.K. subsidiary moved to new premises that incorporate energy saving technology into the design.
The straw-based coolers in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and paper-based coolers in the Americas have replaced a total number of 15,700 EPS coolers in 2021.
MyGreenLab® is a nonprofit organization run by scientists to develop standards and improve the environmental footprint of the scientific community.
11.6 megaliters were extracted from areas classified as having medium-high, high, or extremely high water stress, as defined by World Resource Institute Aqueduct.
In Hilden, Germany, we collaborate with local organizations to help integrate refugees from Syria and other war-torn countries through a program that includes language training and cultural orientation, assessment centers, and internships at QIAGEN.
Hilden also works with workers from Hephata, a local institution for citizens with disabilities, who undertake a broad range of operational tasks for the company, including certain packaging and production responsibilities.
In Pakistan, where rates of TB are high, clinics use QuantiFERON kits to test for TB infection.
In Nigeria, TB is the leading cause of infectious disease deaths, affecting mainly younger individuals aged 15 to 44.
In 2021, we were once again recognized as a 'Top Employer' in Germany and additionally received the Top Employer Certificate for China by the Top Employer Institute, a global authority recognizing excellence in people practices.
National QIAGEN branches in India, the Philippines and the U.S. also won 'Great Place to Work' awards for the first time.
In addition, we received recognition as one of the 'best places to work for LGBTQ+ equality' on the Corporate Equality Index of the Human Rights Campaign Foundation.
Our Hilden-based COVID-19 testing was extended to employees at our sites in Koeping (Sweden), Stockach (Germany) and Wroclaw (Poland).
From 2024 onward, our primary production site in Hilden (Germany) will be subject to the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtgesetz).
That increase was offset by the positive effect from the purchase of renewable electricity for our main production site in Hilden and the implementation of further energy efficiency measures.