To ensure that the Rheinmetall climate targets make an effective contribution, after intensive preliminary work in the year under review - especially on the initial assessment of the 15 Scope 3 sub-categories - it was decided to join the internationally recognized Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a partnership project between the CDP, the UN Global Compact, the World Resources Institute and the WWF, in the first quarter of 2022.
SBTi provides companies with methods with which they can set science-based CO₂ reduction targets. 
Our South African subsidiary Rheinmetall Denel Munition is also engaged in protecting nature and species at risk of extinction at three of its four production sites.
Similar to in Unterluess, large, demarcated safety areas far from residential areas enable rare animals to expand their habitats unimpeded.
For over a hundred years Rheinmetall has tested some of its military products on heathland near Unterluess, not far from Celle, in Lower Saxony.
In addition, in September 2021, the Federal Ministry for the Environment published a National Peatland Strategy which includes voluntary rewetting measures.
Rheinmetall AG has traditionally been committed to a responsible, fair and reliable corporate policy that is geared towards the use and expansion of entrepreneurial potential, achieving medium-term financial targets and increasing the value of the company on a systematic and sustainable basis.
The Rheinmetall Group attaches great importance to effective corporate governance, including early reporting, proper accounting and efficient cooperation between the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board based on trust.
The Rheinmetall Group comprises Rheinmetall Aktiengesellschaft, a listed stock corporation established under the laws of Germany and entered in the commercial register of the District Court of Duesseldorf under the number HRB 39401, and its subsidiaries.
Rheinmetall AG is the parent company of the Rheinmetall Group and has its registered office in Duesseldorf, Germany, at the Group headquarters.
Supervisory Board meetings are held in accordance with the provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG).
In view of the further internationalization and the increasing importance of the Group’s strategic future markets (particularly Australia, Asia, USA), a candidate (m/f) with relevant experience in the future markets and in regulated markets should be nominated.
Knowledge of the relevant geographical markets / customer segments especially Northern America, Australia, Asia, and the investment situation as well as political and cultural aspects of both divisions.
The reputation of Rheinmetall, the success of the business and the trust of customers, investors, employees and the general public depend not only on the quality of our products and services, but also to a large degree on good corporate governance and, in particular, on effective compliance processes.
In addition to the applicable legislation of the countries of exportation, European Union regulations as well as anti- corruption laws such as the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and the French Sapin II Anti- Corruption Act must be observed.
Rheinmetall AG fully complies with the position of the German government, which has made considerable diplomatic efforts concerning the adoption of a convention on cluster munitions.
The Rheinmetall Group and Rheinmetall Defence in particular have great responsibility when it comes to exports.
The Legal department at the Group holding company in Duesseldorf coordinates export control.
Nonetheless, according to Article 346 TEU (Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union), all member states can take measures they consider necessary for the protection of their essential national security interests.
Furthermore, the aim of preventing proliferation is pursued by the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR) in the area of ballistic missiles and by the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) in the area of nuclear weapons.
On April 2, 2013, the United Nations General Assembly approved a resolution, by a large majority, to adopt the text of the Arms Trade Treaty.
Economic cooperation among the 164 countries organised in the World Trade Organization (WTO), which account for more than 90% of the world's trade volume, is at a consistently high level.
With the exception of the chapter on 'Energy Management', these contents were part of the audit of the consolidated financial statements and the Group management report by Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftspruefungsgesellschaft.
This attitude is also characterized by a commitment to implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development adopted by the United Nations and the associated 17 Sustainable Development Goals as well as the Paris Climate Agreement (COP21).
Ursula Pohen, Head of Corporate Social Responsibility, Phone: +49 211 473 4508, E-Mail: csr(at)rheinmetall.com.