It all started more than 120 years ago with the founding of the Rheinisch-Westfaelisches Elektrizitaetskraftwerk -or RWE for short.
This company supplied the city of Essen with electricity.
RWE is continuing to expand its renewable energy business in order to meet the challenges of the 21st century and from 2009 bundled its renewables business under the name RWE innogy. 
From 2015, innogy SE operated as an independent subsidiary company of RWE and took a listing on the stock exchange in the following year.
The professional services firm PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftspruefungsgesellschaft performed an engagement audit on the sections indicated with and for these elements of the report provided a limited assurance relating to compliance of the reported disclosures with the GRI Standards.
It is overseen by our Group company RWE Renewables.
The project management and engineering consulting company RWE Technology International and our 37.9% stake in Austrian energy utility KELAG are also allocated to this segment.
The activities are overseen by RWE Generation.
Proprietary trading of energy commodities is at the core of this segment and is overseen by RWE Supply & Trading.
This is also where we report on our investments in Dutch nuclear power plant operator EPZ (30%) and Germany-based URANIT (50%), which holds a 33% stake in uranium enrichment specialist Urenco.
RWE Generation is responsible for our German hard coal-fired power plants.
Another example is the ALIGN-CCUS project financed by the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology (BMWi) and the EU.
Markus Krebber is the Chief Executive Officer and he is therefore chair of the Board. 
Mr Krebber is supported on the Executive Board of RWE AG by Zvezdana Seeger and Michael Mueller.
Ms Seeger is responsible for HR Services & Analytics, Employee Relations, People Management & Talent Attraction, Information Technology, and Internal Audit & Security at RWE AG.
Furthermore, she is also Labour Director. Mr Mueller has the position of Chief Financial Officer on the Executive Board of RWE AG.
As the RWE Group, we feel committed to social responsibility.
This project initiated by the Mongolian Energy Ministry is receiving financial support from the Asian Development Bank (ADB).
At the site of the former Muelheim-Kaerlich nuclear power plant, we have been working together with the affected local authorities since 2012 to draw up a development plan for a technology and commercial park covering an area of approximately 40 hectares.
All related activities for RWE nuclear power plants are bundled into RWE Nuclear GmbH.
At the Clocaenog Forest Wind Farm (North Wales) in the United Kingdom, RWE is involved in a rewilding programme.
RWE also supports the Clocaenog Red Squirrel Trust (CRST) in its efforts to re-establish red squirrels in the woodland after their significant decline during recent decades.
At Little Cheyne Court Wind Farm located on the south coast of England, RWE is supporting the work of the Bumblebee Conservation Trust (BCT).
RWE has joined forces with project partners like Kawasaki in order to drive green hydrogen products forward.
We frequently cooperate with partners from academia and industry on our research and development programmes, for example with the Juelich Research Centre and Freiberg Technical University.









