At the heart of our strategy to bring SAP's purpose of 'helping the world run better and improving people's lives' to life, sustainability is firmly anchored in our business strategy, governance, and executive compensation system.
Since January 1, 2021, Sabine Bendiek has served as Chief People & Operating Officer and Labor Relations Director.
For 2023, we plan a targeted restructuring program in close alignment with social partners, which is expected to affect about 2.5% of SAP's global workforce.
The calculation of the carbon emissions is based on factors for conversion and extrapolation, provided by IEA, US EPA, UK DEFRA, Environment Canada, and GHG Protocol.
Besides gas and oil, we also use wood pellets to produce thermal heat for our buildings in our headquarters in Walldorf.
In Germany, business trips by train are considered carbon neutral as they are compensated with 100% green electricity by Deutsche Bahn.
Based on the experience of the COVID 19 pandemic, SAP introduced a flexible, hybrid working model (Pledge to Flex) to empower SAP's employees to choose when and where to work.
In total, SAP donated more than €4.2 million to support Ukraine in cooperation with organizations such as UNICEF, UNHCR, and the German Red Cross.
SAP extended its partnership with UNICEF through Generation Unlimited (GenU), focusing on employability. The partnership also supports SAP Educate to Employ, a new program educating youth in need on soft skills, foundational knowledge, and SAP skills to enable a pathway to a successful career in the SAP ecosystem.
Together with partners, we launched the TRANSFORM Support Hub offering virtual pro bono consulting opportunities worldwide, connecting SAP employees to social enterprises.
Christian Klein, CEO, SAP SE.
Against other German brands, the SAP brand ranks third behind Mercedes Benz and BMW, and third globally against other brands in the business services sector.
Kantar BrandZ recognized SAP as the world's 31st most valuable brand in its 2022 Most Valuable Global Brands ranking (2021: 26th).
Interbrand determined our brand value to be US$31 billion, an increase of 3% compared to the previous year (2021: US$30 billion).
SAP SE is the parent company of the SAP Group.
In March 2022, SAP acquired a majority stake of Taulia, a leading provider of working capital management solutions.
We expect Taulia to further expand SAP's business network and to strengthen our cloud solution portfolio for the CFO office. 
Taulia's solutions are integrated into SAP's portfolio as well as continuing to be available as standalone solutions. 
Taulia operates as a separate business segment with its own brand within the SAP Group.
On August 17, 2022, SAP and Francisco Partners (FP) announced that FP had signed a definitive agreement with SAP America, Inc. under which FP would acquire SAP Litmos from SAP.
On January 26, 2023, SAP announced that in line with the strategic initiative to streamline its portfolio, SAP has decided to explore a sale of its stake in Qualtrics.
In addition to our investments in organic growth and acquisitions, SAP also supports entrepreneurs that aspire to build industry leading businesses through venture capital funds managed by Sapphire Ventures. 
Sapphire Ventures manages more than US$10 billion (over €9 billion) and has invested in more than 200 companies.
In addition, SAP and Apple have expanded their partnership and released a new suite of iOS apps designed to streamline the digital supply chain and equip workers with intuitive tools.
This power is subject to the proviso that the shares repurchased, together with any shares that were previously acquired and are still held by SAP in treasury and any other shares controlled by SAP, must not in total exceed 10% of SAP's share capital.