Sartorius is an internationally leading partner to the biopharmaceutical industry.
The pandemic is a challenge facing society as a whole; at the same time, it highlights how Sartorius directly contributes to the goal of 'healthy lives and well-being for all at all ages:' with its products and process knowledge, Sartorius is involved in many of the worldwide vaccine projects to combat coronavirus.
We define stakeholders as those persons, companies, institutions and interest groups that are able to influence the success of the Sartorius Group or are affected by the actions of our company.
In the reporting year, Sartorius strengthened its dialog with its own staff with two major surveys involving employees.
Sartorius has its performance with respect to its environmental, social and governance-related business practices gauged by means of various sustainability analyses and ratings. In the EcoVadis Rating, Sartorius achieved silver level and, with this score, positioned itself among the best 17 percent of the companies assessed.
Sartorius was given an A in the MSCI Sustainability Rating. Sartorius was also given a CDP score of B–.
Sartorius defined non-financial indicators that enable assessment of the impact of its business activities on stakeholders, the environment and society.
Orientation for the non-financial Group statement is provided by the reporting framework developed by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) – the Sustainability Reporting Standards – so that we can ensure transparency and comparability.
This non-financial Group statement was audited by KPMG AG Wirtschaftspruefungsgesellschaft in the form of an audit with limited assurance.
The submission of this non-financial Group statement releases our subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. from the obligation of creating its own non-financial statement.
We conducted comprehensive materiality analyses in 2017 and 2018 to determine the material topics for the business activities of the Sartorius Group.
This is why, when Sartorius is choosing partners and suppliers, it pays particular attention that statutory and ethical rules are complied with.
Developed by the European Commission, the European Green Deal seeks to facilitate the transition to a competitive, resource-efficient and climate-neutral European economy.
On the basis of relief granted by the EU, the first step is to identify taxonomy-eligible economic activities for these objectives and then report on the shares of total revenue and capital/operating expenditure accounted for by these activities.
With the regulation as it stands, no revenue-relevant economic activities were classified for Sartorius and no taxonomy-eligible revenue was identified.
The FAQ published by the EU Commission on February 2, 2022 on the interpretation of certain legal provisions of the delegated act on disclosure requirements under article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation is not taken into account in this non-financial group statement due to its short-term nature.
The United Nations developed 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
To determine which SDGs are related to Sartorius' business activities, we also conducted a comprehensive materiality analysis in 2018.
A partnership between Sartorius and RoosterBio – a provider of cell banks, media and bioprocess systems – aims to combine technologies and tools in a way that facilitates the faster, more effective and more costefficient development of stem cells and therapies.
In tandem with BRAIN Biotech AG, headquartered in Germany, Sartorius is researching and adapting the pioneering CRISPR–Cas genome editing nuclease for specific applications in life sciences.
Sartorius has entered into a partnership with McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada, with the aim of improving the production process for antibody- and virus-based treatments for illnesses such as COVID-19, cancer and genetic disorders.
Sartorius supports the Penn State University, where it is helping the Sartorius Cell Culture Facility become a reality.
As the twelfth core facility of the Huck Institutes of the Life Sciences, this laboratory is part of a collaborative biotechnology ecosystem.
In partnership with the French 3D Innovation Lab program, a technology platform for innovations in bioscience and health care, the Université de Lyon and Sartorius will set up a shared 3D bioprinting laboratory.
In order to develop more precise AI models, Sartorius has instigated the 'Cell Instance Segmentation Challenge' on Kaggle, the world's largest online community for data scientists and machine learning experts.