In our partnership with NVIDIA, a pioneer in accelerated graphics systems and artificial intelligence (AI), we aim to enable the industrial metaverse and increase the use of AI-driven digital twin technology.
Furthermore, we support the goal of achieving a carbon-neutral Europe by 2050 - announced as part of the European Green Deal - through a variety of commitments, including our active memberships in the European Alliance to Save Energy.
In addition, Siemens is a member of numerous business associations and similar organizations, some of which advocate for their members' interests in the political arena.
Selected examples of the most important memberships in our three core markets (the European Union, the United States of America, and China) are: the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the VDMA (Verband Deutscher Maschinen- und Anlagenbau e.V.), the German Electrical and Electronic Manufacturers' Association (ZVEI), the European Round Table for Industry (ERT), the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and the European Chamber of Commerce in China (EUCCC).
We also work closely with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), the United Nations, the European Union, and the World Economic Forum (WEF).
We are involved in various initiatives of the WEF, such as the Partnering Against Corruption Initiative (PACI) and the WEF CEO Climate Leaders Coalition.
Furthermore, we have joined the World Bank's Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC), and we advocate for the global introduction of carbon pricing.
We are additionally committed to the UNGC Women's Empowerment Principles and have signed the Diversity Charter, an initiative by the German government.
For years, we have supported One Young World (OYW), a non-profit organization that champions young business leaders around the globe in order to build a better world with more responsible, more effective leadership.
At the 2021 OYW Summit in Munich, we celebrated ten years of our CEO's' involvement with the organization and we supported this event again in 2022, when it was held in Manchester, by sending more than 40 of our colleagues to attend.
A team of experts from various disciplines and regions carefully reviewed the projects, presented them to the Siemens Steering Committee for approval, and then introduced them to the World Bank for what is known as the 'non-veto' process and to the European Investment Bank for information.
The Siemens Integrity Initiative constitutes one element of a 2009 settlement between Siemens and the World Bank and another 2013 settlement between Siemens and the European Investment Bank (EIB).
Through sponsorships and strategic partnerships, we are also involved in other formats and initiatives such as the Diversity Charter initiative.
In addition, we actively support the United Nations Convention against Corruption and the Anti-Bribery Convention of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
These standards include the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises published by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD).
We report our greenhouse gas emissions on the basis of the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol corporate standard published by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD).
The necessary analytic process begins with an assessment of our environmentally relevant locations using the Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas from the World Resources Institute (WRI).
Through its educational institution Siemens Professional Education (SPE) Siemens is one of the largest companies in Germany for secondary school graduates.
Our audit firm applies the national legal requirements and professional pronouncements, in particular the BS WP/vBP in the exercise of their Profession and the IDW Standard on Quality Management issued by the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (IDW): Requirements for Quality Management in the Audit Firm (IDW QS 1), and accordingly maintains a comprehensive quality management system that includes documented policies and procedures with regard to compliance with professional ethical requirements, professional standards as well as relevant statutory and other legal requirements.
In fiscal 2022, Siemens PLC in the UK, for example, began to systematically identify the climate-relevant opportunities and risks in their region and markets and assess the risks' financial implications.
That is because transactions with Siemens could be misused to gain undue advantages for the business partner, or for Siemens.
This commitment is reflected in our DEGREE framework, a 360 degree view of Siemens' ESG priorities.
With SIMATIC, Siemens made an important contribution to the development of industrial automation beginning in the 1960s.
78% of employees in Germany are covered by collective agreements.
Siemens is also represented in the European Business and Human Rights Peer Learning Group of the UN Global Compact Network.