In February 2022, Siemens Healthineers and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) announced a partnership to help strengthen fragile health systems in sub-Saharan Africa by improving access to diagnostics and treatment.
The initial focus will be on selected sub-Saharan African countries, starting in Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire.
In partnership with Dr. Marcos Menezes, Dr. Maria Teresa Natel, and the nonprofit organization 'Xingu Mais Catu', Siemens Healthineers began a pilot project in July 2021 to provide diagnostic services for gynecology and primary care to Brazil's indigenous communities.
This initiative supports the creation of a command center at INRAD (Instituto de Radiología Sao Paulo) using 5G technology.
The command center will allow these types of services to be replicated in other regions of Brazil and other Latin American countries, such as Peru, with the aim of remotely detecting breast cancer in collaboration with the City Cancer Challenge organization.
In October 2021, Stroke International Services (SIS) and Siemens Healthineers entered into an eight-year Value Partnership to advance stroke management in Vietnam.
SIS is the first fully dedicated stroke network in Mekong Delta, and as such, improves access to highquality stroke care for the area's 17 million inhabitants.
With advanced technology and workforce education solutions from Siemens Healthineers, SIS aims to increase stroke treatment standards in the region.
SIS will also expand its health services by establishing new facilities in Ho Chi Minh and Quang Nam provinces.
United States Free MAMMOMAT mammograms in Philadelphia with Penn Medicine.
We formed a Value Partnership with Hospital do Espírito Santo de Évora (HESE), which is located in rural Alentejo, Portugal.
Now HESE offers fast access to high-quality cardiovascular care in Alentejo and is becoming a reference hospital for cardiovascular interventions and remote care management solutions in Portugal.
As part of the Value Partnership, SHS collaborated with the University of Évora to promote research into the challenges of serving an ageing population. 
In 2021, Siemens Healthineers Morocco, GIZ, and the Charité university hospital in Berlin, Germany, cofounded the iSTARC partnership.
The project builds on a wellestablished partnership between Charité and Mohammed VI University Hospital in Casablanca, Morocco, and has been extended to include its first sub-Saharan partner in Bamako, Mali.
Through Varian, Siemens Healthineers has partnered with C/Can and is part of a coalition to develop healthcare for cancer.
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Access to Care Cape Town radiotherapy training program—a collaboration between Varian Medical Systems, the University of Cape Town, and the Cape Peninsula University of Technology—virtualized its training platform in 2020 so that teaching and training could continue during the pandemic.
Further courses were added to the program through collaborations with the training partners Planning for Africa (United Arab Emirates) and RadiQa Developments (Switzerland), and its reach expanded beyond Africa to include teams from Pakistan and the United Arab Emirates.
Siemens Healthineers and Alameda Healthcare, Egypt's leading private healthcare group, signed a memorandum of understanding to increase and advance access to quality care by optimizing operations, expanding capabilities, and advancing innovation.
The partnership will bolster healthcare in four hospitals in the Alameda portfolio, including As-Salam International Hospital's sites in Maadi and New Cairo.
The collaboration also focuses on upgrading equipment and has already enabled Alameda Healthcare to upgrade three of its cath labs.
As part of the DeveloPPP program, the German Embassy in Addis Ababa, GIZ, and Siemens Healthineers donated ten NX2 ultrasound devices to the Federal Ministry of Health of Ethiopia to help the Ethiopian healthcare system further mitigate the repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Kenyatta University is at the forefront of teaching, research, and building expertise in biomedical engineering. 
In collaboration with GIZ, Fachhochschule Aachen University of Applied Sciences, and five other corporate partners, we established a complete biomedical engineering laboratory at Kenyatta University in 2022.
The HEAL project is an initiative launched by the Rotary Club of Mettupalayam and by Kovai Medical Center and Hospital, both located in Tamil Nadu, India.