Jason Bordoff: I think we will never forgive ourselves if we look back on this moment of crisis and feel like we missed an opportunity to now take the urgency and imperative of energy security.
Christian Bruch: Right, there are all the good reasons to build up renewables more quickly, to strengthen the grid and really bring energy security and sustainability closer together.
The integration of European power markets has taken a major step forward with the installation of a new 1000-megawatt HVDC power transmission system between the United Kingdom and France.
Using Siemens Energy's innovative design and technology, a 51-kilometer-long direct current cable was installed inside the Channel Tunnel that connects converter stations in Peuplingues in France and Cheriton in the UK.
We partner closely with government think tanks, for example in China, where Siemens Energy collaborates with the State Power Investment Corporation (SPIC), one of the world's leading power generation companies with the largest installed capacity of solar power.
In China, Siemens Energy has teamed up with the State Power Investment Corporation (SPIC), the world's largest solar power generation company and one of the largest energy companies in China, to study policy trends and the low-carbon development of counties across the nation. 
The research was published in a white paper and released by Siemens Energy CEO Christian Bruch and SPIC Chairman Qian Zhimin in late 2022 to coincide with the 50th anniversary of German-Chinese diplomatic relations.
As part of our partnership with the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), Siemens Energy is participating in a workstream that focuses on the assessment of energy healthcare facilities in Burkina Faso. 
In September 2022, the new IRENA Decarbonization Alliance was announced that aims to facilitate dialogue on decarbonization.
We are, for example, working together with the Technical University of Berlin on the H2Mare flagship project.
Furthermore, since 2020, our GP Siemens Energy Ventures (SEV) team has been focused on building, piloting and investing in ventures with potential to shape the sustainable, affordable and reliable future of energy.
The focus countries are Denmark, Spain, Germany, the UK, France, Norway, the Netherlands and India.
The Offshore Wind innovation eXchange (OWiX) is an accelerator scheme in the UK that runs competitions to connect solution providers with industry.
For the field 'digitalized logistics', a port site logistics challenge was launched by SGRE within OWiX that ultimately resulted in an ongoing cooperation with UBISENSE that started in 2021.
By utilizing the OWiX challenge, SGRE gets fast access to new ideas in the marketplace, as companies are invited to submit their solutions.
Cooperating with startups also addresses global sustainability goals, such as SDG 12 'Responsible consumption and production', while giving entrepreneurs access to large corporations like SGRE.
The answer, say Dominique Rouge and Stefano Innocenzi, lies in new partnerships.
Siemens Energy has strength in manufacturing, industrial capabilities and technology. 
Air Liquide has strong experience in electrolyzer operations.
In addition to our RMI membership and strategic partnership with the European Partnership for Responsible Minerals, we also became a member of the Copper Mark at the end of 2021.
Held in Dubai in May, the award honored Siemens Energy's work in conducting anti-corruption training with officials from the Ministry of Electricity in Iraq in June 2021 (see Siemens Energy Sustainability Report 2021).
In cooperation with our partner, Catalyst, one pilot MARC (Men Advocating Real Change) session was completed for our executive team in Europe to encourage male leaders to become better allies for women in the workplace.
In the Technical Master Trainer program in cooperation with IHK Ostbrandenburg, the academy has trained and certified 16 technical master trainers.
Concept, editing, and layout in cooperation with: Accenture GmbH, Kronberg im Taunus.
The project was carried out in cooperation with the State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC), the world's largest power grid company, which serves more than 1.1 billion people and supplies 88% of China's electricity.