An additional index at the beginning of the Sustainability Record also refers to the reporting requirements covered by the Sustainability and Accounting Standards Board (SASB).
Initiated by the World Economic Forum, the network consists of business leaders committed to accelerating the transition to a low-carbon and resilient economy.
The CEO of Symrise has been part of the initiative since 2020.
The alliance promotes the voluntary compensation of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and is led by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ).
The campaign was launched by the UN Global Compact and the Science Based Targets Initiative, among others, to further promote the adoption of ambitious climate protection targets.
RE100 Initiative: The initiative advocates that companies source 100 % of their electricity from renewable sources by 2050.
Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO): We have used only palm and palm kernel oils from 100 % RSPO 'Mass Balance' certified sources since 2016.
Sustainable Agriculture Initiative (SAI) Platform: The SAI Platform brings together companies committed to sustainable and resilient agriculture and strong supply chains.
Sustainable Spices Initiative (SSI): Both for Symrise and the SSI, the focus is on the responsible sourcing and cultivation of raw materials.
Sustainable Vanilla Initiative: Symrise is a founding member of the Sustainable Vanilla Initiative, which is committed to a longterm stable supply of high-quality natural vanilla produced in a socially, ecologically and economically sustainable manner.
The French Business Climate Pledge: The initiative is based on the belief that large companies have a responsibility and play a role in meeting the Paris Climate Agreement.
Together with Nature: Symrise is committed to the four principles for nature-based solutions of Together with Nature, an association of stakeholders from science, nature conservation, development and business.
Union for Ethical Biotrade (UEBT): As part of our membership, we are committed to ethical sourcing of our natural raw materials.
UN Race to Zero & Exponential Roadmap Initiative: The Exponential Roadmap Initiative is the entry point to join the UN's global campaign, Race to Zero.
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD): Symrise has been a member of the corporate initiative since 2017, which works on the transformation toward a climate-friendly, nature-compatible and fairer economy. 
The WBCSD has launched numerous projects in recent years - Symrise is also involved in some of them.
10x20x30 Food Loss and Waste Initiative: As part of the initiative, ten of the world's largest food retailers and suppliers joined together with 20 of their key suppliers each to reduce food losses in the supply chain by 2030.
In October 2021, the United Nations Human Rights Council recognized access to a clean and healthy environment as a fundamental human right.
In 2020, Symrise joined other companies and organizations in speaking out in favor of a German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act as part of the Initiative for Sustainable Agricultural Supply Chains (INA).
This occurs, for instance, through our involvement with associations like the International Fragrance Association (IFRA), the International Organization of the Flavor Industry (IOFI), the European Federation of Cosmetic Ingredients (EFfCI) and the Research Institute for Fragrance Materials (RIFM).
Symrise is also a member of two organizations that promote alternatives to animal testing: the European Partnership for Alternative Approaches to Animal Testing (EPAA) and the Animal-Free Safety Assessment Collaboration (AFSA).
We not only maintain a regular exchange of information with nongovernmental organizations but have also entered into strategic partnerships, such as the GIZ Rainforest Alliance, UEBT, on specific topics, such as biodiversity, in order to generate sustainable value for society and the environment.
Symrise is a member of the Sustainable Spices Initiative (SSI), the Union for Ethical Biotrade (UEBT), the Sustainable Agricultural Initiative (SAI) Platform and the Alliance for Development and Climate. 
As a founding member, Symrise was also involved in the creation of the Sustainable Vanilla Initiative and the One Planet for Biodiversity Initiative, in cooperation with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), among others. 
We are active in the WBCSD's Nature Action initiative and are committed to the principles of the Network for Nature multi-stakeholder initiative.