Another focus was the 'Mobility as a Service' (MaaS) project, which was jointly carried out by the WBCSD and the International Transport Forum (ITF) and was completed in the reporting year.
Through MOIA, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles is a member of the MaaS Alliance, which is a public-private partnership organization that has set itself the objective of creating an open platform or implementing MaaS projects.
Our Group currently maintains partnerships with a large number of towns and cities, including Hamburg, Hanover, Dresden and Wolfsburg in Germany and cities such as Prague and Barcelona internationally.
As a member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) for many years, we seek dialog with other companies contributing to the transformation and with stakeholders in order to identify our own scope for action.
European Impact Hero was embedded in the European Social Economy Summit (EUSES) jointly organized by the European Commission and the City of Mannheim.
The conference is organized by the European Commission every six years with the aim of strengthening the social economy in Europe and spelling out its contribution to economic development, social inclusion and environmental transformation.
At the Autostadt Wolfsburg, the two cooperation partners also expanded the digital training options in the reporting year.
The Volkswagen Group donated €1 million in emergency aid in the areas affected by flooding in North Rhine Westphalia and Rhineland Palatinate in Germany in 2021.
The funds were given to the German Red Cross, which organized the aid locally with around 3,500 emergency personnel.
Dr. Ing. h. c. F. Porsche AG also provided donations of € 1 million for flood victims in 'Aktion Deutschland Hilft', plus a donation of € 500,000 for the German Red Cross's international flood assistance in Belgium, Austria and the Netherlands.
AUDI AG employees donated more than € 400,000 for the benefit of flood victims, and AUDI AG topped this sum up to € 800,000 following a decision by the Board of Management.
In the reporting period, Volkswagen AG made donations amounting to € 31.2 million.
Volkswagen also owns a stake in Swedish battery company Northvolt AB, which is going to build a factory for the production of lithium ion batteries that should start production in 2024.
We supported our partner with US$ 620 million in a financing round to expand capacity in the areas of production, recycling, and research and development in the Northvolt Ett gigafactory in Skellefteå in northern Sweden.
In order to set up fast charging infrastructure, Volkswagen founded the joint venture IONITY with other OEMs.
In Italy, Volkswagen wants to collaborate with Enel to expand the fast charging network both along freeways and in urban areas.
Nine production sites are already operated on a carbon-neutral basis, including compensation measures: Brussels and Győr (Audi), Zwickau and Dresden (Volkswagen), Zuffenhausen and Leipzig (Porsche), Crewe (Bentley Motors), Vrchlabí (ŠKODA) and Santa Agata (Lamborghini).
In order to achieve the climate targets and contribute to the decarbonization of the Group, Volkswagen Group Logistics is working together with colleagues from Brand Logistics in the goTOzero Impact Logistics initiative.
The measures the Volkswagen Group has taken to achieve carbonneutral logistics going forward include moving shipments from road to rail and the complete avoidance of CO₂ through the use of green electricity on electric railroad lines in Germany in collaboration with Deutsche Bahn AG.
After the first two LNG car carriers entered service in 2020, Volkswagen Group Logistics is going to use four more ships with dual fuel engines that can be powered with liquid gas from the end of 2023 and run using renewably generated fuels in the future.
For the acceleration of previous efforts on the way to decarbonization, the Group has signed a memorandum of understanding for the development of relevant projects to permanently remove CO₂ from the atmosphere with its Icelandic project partner Carbfix, which turns CO₂ into natural stone through mineralization in a certified process.
Oliver Blume, member of the Board of Management of Volkswagen AG, 'Sport & Luxury' brand group, and Dr. Manfred Doess, member of the Board of Management responsible for Integrity and Legal Affairs, are responsible for Group Initiative 6 as the Board tandem.
Audi and the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT) have therefore set up a pilot project for chemical recycling as part of the Industrial Resource Strategies THINKTANK in order to feed such mixed plastic fractions back into a resource-conserving circular system.
In addition to Volkswagen, the oeko-Institut, the chemical company BASF, processing specialist SICON, and the Clausthal University of Technology are also involved in the project, which is supported by the Federal Ministry of Research.
In collaboration with the Technical University of Liberec, ŠKODA has developed a sustainable, ecological material made from sugar beet pulp, which is used in dyed form in the interior of vehicles to create certain design accents.