BUWOG in Austria becomes partner in 'klimaaktiv Pakt2030' with the goal of reducing emissions by 55% by 2030 against the base year of 2005.
The Austrian government is going even further, and wants to be climate neutral by 2040.
With a portfolio of 413,967 residential units (excl. Deutsche Wohnen) in Germany, Austria and Sweden and its involvement in a number of wide-ranging development activities, Vonovia has a significant role to play in protecting our environment and mitigating climate change.
At the start of 2021, Vonovia entered into a development partnership with GLS Bank, the advisory company d-fine, and the climate metrics provider right.based on science, with the goal of developing an IT system to analyze the climate impact of residential property and portfolios.
Dr. Lars Dittmann, Climate-neutral Portfolio department head.
As part of our quest to achieve a virtually climate-neutral housing stock in 2045, Vonovia is aiming to have reduced the carbon intensity of its housing stock in Germany to below 25 kg CO₂e/m2 by 2030.
The Energiesprong principle is currently being piloted at 24 units in Bochum and is also to be rolled out further within the portfolio at a future stage.
At the end of 2021, in cooperation with the Fischbach Group, the company launched the first carbon-neutral refurbishment in series construction in Bochum-Mitte in line with the Energiesprong principle, which is still in its infancy.
One of these is the interdisciplinary research project BaltBest headed up by the EBZ Business School.
We took part in a number of events held by Initiative Wohnen.2050 (IW.2050) in 2021, of which we are a founding member.
In Austria, BUWOG has been a partner of the 'klimaaktiv pakt' climate protection initiative launched by the Austrian Federal Ministry for Climate Action, Environment, Energy, Mobility, Innovation and Technology since 2011.
We opened the Power House of the Future project in April 2021 in Bochum-Weitmar with the aim of researching innovative energy systems and implementing them in practice.
As part of another research project in Bochum-Weitmar, we are developing an innovation neighborhood with a focus on climate change mitigation in partnership with scientists from a number of different Fraunhofer Institutes and Ampeers Energy GmbH.
Over the course of the reporting year, we gradually expanded our partnership with Naturschutzbund Deutschland e. V. (NABU), which began in 2019.
We also organized a coronavirus-safe walk through the neighborhood in partnership with NABU so that the tenants of our pilot neighborhood in Bochum-Weitmar would have a chance to learn about our commitment to protecting biodiversity when we develop residential environments.
An ecological nature trail is being created around Vonovia's headquarters, which will inform employees and visitors about the eco-friendly measures we are implementing in our residential environments.
We launched a partnership with the non-profit organization Acker e. V. (previously known as Ackerdemia e. V.) in 2020.
On March 23, 2022, we organized a conference in partnership with the Fraunhofer Alliance on 'A look at the future of construction' at the Berlin Design Offices.
In early 2021, we took our next step forward in this area by becoming a partner of Madaster, an initiative developing a global registry of materials.
Sebastian Jung, Managing Director – East, Vonovia.
The program was designed by the Human Resources department in partnership with the European Training Center for the Housing and Real Estate Industry (EBZ) in Bochum.
In order to further spearhead research in the field of community development and living, Vonovia sponsors a foundation professorship – held by Prof. Dr. Jan ueblacker – at the EBZ Business School University of Applied Sciences in Bochum, thereby firmly embedding the neighborhood perspective in the education of EBZ students.
Jorunn Rådberg – Our goal is to offer our tenants safe and comfortable homes in which they can build their lives.
The funding instruments are supplemented by our foundation work, primarily within the framework of the Vonovia Stiftung (Vonovia foundation), the Vonovia Mieterstifung e. V. and 'Stiftung Mensch und Wohnen'.
In the coming years, we will be sponsoring Silbernetz e. V., who offer a nationwide telephone hotline to combat loneliness in old age.