In one initiative this year, we launched a pilot project to test trucks using liquified natural gas (LNG) with our long-term partner DHL. 
Closer to home, we this year launched a collaboration with Land Life Company to reforest 350 hectares, or about 500 soccer fields, of degraded land in Spain and financed the planting of more than 300,000 trees.
In our private label production countries of China, Bangladesh, Turkey, India and Ukraine, we have started transitioning to 100% recycled polybags.
The Better Cotton Initiative is a multi-stakeholder governance group of which we continue to be a member and that promotes better standards in cotton farming and practices across 21 countries.
We continue to support BCI on their journey towards greater transparency and will be collaborating with them to help create a fit-for-purpose physically traceable solution for the better cotton supply chain.
We are working with the Sustainable Apparel Coalition and their technology partner Higg to implement the Higg Index Transparency Program, which we aim to launch in 2022–2023 to help customers compare product environmental impacts.
Anna Field, Even&Odd, Friboo, Pier One, Yourturn, ZIGN.
We collaborated with New York-based innovator EON to add digital product passports, linking customers to product and circularity information through a QR code stitched into the label.
In 2021, we developed circular design criteria based on circular.fashion's criteria framework and in line with the EU Sustainable Products Initiative as well as Ellen MacArthur Foundation's circular design principles.
To translate these learnings into our operations, we offered training conducted by circular.fashion to over 200 colleagues including our private label designers and buyers, so that they can create collections that are circular by design.
When customers sell items to Zalando, they are offered credit in the form of either a non-expiring Zalando gift card or a donation to the Red Cross or WeForest.
That is why we are excited to be part of the Sorting For Circularity Project with our partner Fashion for Good, which plans to launch an open source platform to support post-use circularity.
Ambercycle is a Los Angeles-based company that has created a technology to recycle textile waste into a new fiber called cycora.
We have also invested in Finland-based Infinited Fiber Company, which has created Infinna, a regenerated, premium fiber.
We also plan to provide feedstock and use Infinna™ fiber in our private label production.
In 2021, we worked with our partners Shimmy Technologies and BSR's HERproject to develop an innovative upskilling program in a supplier factory in Bangladesh.
Zalando supported the recovery effort through our longterm partner the German Red Cross.
We supported their efforts with a donation to our long-term partner WeForest and GSJ-Berlin, a local social organization focused on sport activities for disadvantaged young people.
We also initiated an exciting partnership with SOS Children's Villages worldwide, aiming to encourage creativity and innovative thinking in the leaders of the future by providing access to ICT infrastructure and digital training opportunities.
The report presented below is the combined non-financial report for ZALANDO SE and the Zalando group in accordance with Section 289b (1) and (3) in conjunction with Section 315b (1) and (3) HGB (German Commercial Code) and Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation.
In 2020, we joined the RE100 initiative and achieved our target of supplying all our own offices, fulfillment centers and outlet stores with 100% renewable electricity.
These are verified emission reductions (VERs) from Gold Standard certified reforestation projects in Ethiopia, Uganda, Panama, Colombia and a Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) certified project in Indonesia.
We have partnered with Save Your Wardrobe, a London-based tech company, to support in developing the digitally-enabled booking journey, to identify high quality service providers and to manage customer support.
For the Closing the Loop stage, we have partnered with Fashion for Good to scale an open-source platform for textile waste management.
We set out our expectations for fulfillment centers, Zalando premium logistics providers, and customer care teams in our Social Standards.